<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">12:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">12:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Dec 28 12:01:28 2016 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">12:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">12:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">scrum</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">12:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">12:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">12:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bianca_&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">12:06:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">12:06:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">1) Status</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">12:06:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">12:06:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">12:06:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">12:06:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so let's get started
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">12:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">12:06:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">12:07:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Kimchi] danielhb fixed an issue with the mock model of virt viewer</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">12:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bianca&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Gingerbase] bianca is working on issue #138: Update selected packages only prevent user to switch tabs.</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">12:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bianca&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Ginger] bianca is working on feature request #517: Restore system backup.</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">12:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bianca&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Kimchi] bianca sent a patch to issue #979: Create UI to change boot order. Waiting for review.</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">12:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Ginger] danielhb fixed an issue with the SR-IOV UI</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">12:07:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia will start working on packaging javascript dependencies separated for debian</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">12:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia fixing review comments for debian packaging</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">12:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia updated debian packaging to v2.3.1 and v2.2.2</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">12:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on kimchi issue 1094 - Pass-through of SR-IOV PF fails</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">12:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">12:08:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[*] danielhb is now trying to set an environment to test live unplug of CX-4 VFs</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">12:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else, team?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">12:11:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ramonn, ?
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">12:11:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] ramonn closed issue about deleting NIC interfaces</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">12:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] ramonn investigating about network config files on ubuntu (how to generate it)</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">12:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> alinefm, sorry aline, you can go on
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">12:12:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> thanks!
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">12:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Open Discussion</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">12:12:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any other topic for today?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">12:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">12:14:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so thanks everyone for joining! And Happy New Year for you all!
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">12:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
