<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:42 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:55)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 13:04:20)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] Reviewed/Tested patch</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro Working on github issue#
    979</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro Need to address suggestion for
    issue# 973</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-16'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok][Kimchi][Ginger*] Reviewed and applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok][Kimchi][Ginger*] alinefm Reviewed and
    applied patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] bianca submitted a patch corrections
    to issue #860 - Support Guest Autostart, waiting review.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-19'>bianca</a>,
    13:05:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] bianca submitted a patch to issue #626
    - Snapshot revert does not release storage volume. Also correcting
    some erros in the code to send another version to be
    reviewed.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-20'>bianca</a>,
    13:05:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] bianca is back to work on patch
    related to Issue #585: 'make clean' does not revert its changes from
    'make rpm', investigating why make rpm is changing files when is not
    supposed to do it.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-21'>bianca</a>,
    13:05:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] peterpennings is working on Redesign
    Swap Devices UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-22'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:05:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia working on V2 patches for Wok
    issue #141</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-23'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia working to fix plugin uri lookup
    for user log</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-24'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger*] lcorreia starting Ginger
    mainternership during Daniel vacations</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-25'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-26'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital worked in issue #122 - Make
    AsyncTask stoppable</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-27'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital worked in issue #158 - Move
    AsyncTask information to memory</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-28'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi, Ginger, Gingerbase, Gingers390x]
    pvital worked on patch "Update usage of add_task() method." after
    Wok changes</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-29'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital helped users in issue #989 -
    Bad Gateway on Ubuntu 16.04</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-30'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital helped users in issue #990 -
    Details: unsupported configuration: Memory cgroup is not available
    on this host</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-31'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital is working in issue #733 -
    Kimchi doesn't allow for proxying to URL like
    ip:port/arbitrary/path/</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-32'>pvital</a>,
    13:07:47)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-38'>alinefm</a>, 13:14:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Code freeze for 2.3 releases is planned to be
    this week - today or Friday depending the amount of patches pending
    in the ML</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html#l-39'>alinefm</a>,
    13:15:18)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:28:20 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-08-31-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (36)</li>
  <li>pvital (15)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (11)</li>
  <li>bianca (6)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (2)</li>
  <li>socorro (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
