<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:06 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:21)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 13:01:05)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-14'>pvital</a>,
    13:01:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted V1 and V2 patch
    "Handle URLError exception when creating Template."</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-15'>pvital</a>,
    13:01:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital helped user with Debian issues:
    #960, #961</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-16'>pvital</a>,
    13:01:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital helped user with Arch Linux
    issues: #963, #964</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-17'>pvital</a>,
    13:01:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital opened and is working in issue
    #965 - Fedora 24 iso image not recognized by IsoImage.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-18'>pvital</a>,
    13:01:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is still investigating some
    performance issues in wokd (high CPU consumption when idle)</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-19'>pvital</a>,
    13:01:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] peterpennings is working on Disable
    ISOs with wrong permissions</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-20'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:01:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Sent out v2 patch to ML for
    review for Netboot</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-21'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro template - github issue#: 372;
    awaiting review</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-22'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Guests tab loading icon &amp;
    save view applied upstream</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Sent out patch to ML for
    review for SR-IOV</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-24'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Review/test patches</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-25'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Help investigating bugs</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-26'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb reviewed and applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-27'>danielhb</a>,
    13:02:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] danielhb worked in SR-IOV
    improvements</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-28'>danielhb</a>,
    13:03:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] danielhb is now working in Kimchi
    bugs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-29'>danielhb</a>,
    13:03:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] rotru changed number of maximum memory
    devices to 256;</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-30'>rotru</a>,
    13:04:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia got upstream fix for issues 100,
    102, 105 - add IP address and timezone to user log</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-31'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia got approved fix for issue 100 -
    log failed user requests - feature to be upstream after 2.2
    release</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-32'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia got upstream patch to decrease
    notification request interval time</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-33'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia proposed design for changes in
    user log UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-34'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia got upstream fix for disabling
    TLS 1.0 support and add ssl timeout</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-35'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] lcorreia got upstream fix for
    restricting qxl driver for x86 only</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-36'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia got upstream fix for vm name
    conflicts after snapshots are created</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-37'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia investigated issue in
    template creation from qcow2 file</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-38'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] samhenri sent patch to "Issue #360:
    Refreshing volume groups keeps on loading", applied to master</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-39'>samhenri</a>,
    13:04:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] samhenri sent v2 patch to "Issue #320:
    Redesign 'Sensor Monitor' UI"</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-40'>samhenri</a>,
    13:05:15)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] rotru fixed problems in notification
    messages, creating a notification-container, to show the message in
    any tab/screen 'on-the-fly' and allowing that the message be
    displayed again, if the problem persists in server. Thank you
    samhenri  ofr the help.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-41'>rotru</a>,
    13:06:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] samhenri fixed "Issue #79: All error
    messages should keep on UI until user dismiss it", about to send
    patch to mailing list</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-42'>samhenri</a>,
    13:06:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] rotru coding V3 of Plugins Manager
    feature, after alinefm's review and design discussions. Thank you
    alinefm .</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-44'>rotru</a>,
    13:07:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] samhenri currently working on "Issue
    #948: Kimchi not throwing errors when migration is performed and
    gives impression of migration doesn't work"</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-46'>samhenri</a>,
    13:07:38)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html#l-49'>alinefm</a>, 13:09:40)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:14:55 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (25)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (10)</li>
  <li>pvital (9)</li>
  <li>rotru (5)</li>
  <li>samhenri (4)</li>
  <li>danielhb (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (1)</li>
  <li>lagarcia (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
