<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:36 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-5'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:37)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>, 13:03:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm fixed HTTP error code when login
    fails</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia is working on user log
    functionality</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-16'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:03:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia working on V2 for inclusion
    of option to specify max_vcpu and current_vcpu separately per
    guest/template in Kimchi backend</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-17'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:03:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia will work to handle
    notifications for host ENOSPC from libvirt in kimchi backend</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-18'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:03:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] alinefm sent patch to protect Ginger
    APIs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani is working on a new feature
    (web serial console), almost ready for review</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-20'>ziviani</a>,
    13:04:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] peterpennings working on network
    bridges UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-21'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:04:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] samhenri sent max memory UI RFC
    patch</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-22'>samhenri</a>,
    13:04:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm is now working on a script to
    make all the code styling verification and reuse it in all
    plugins</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital is working in issue #817</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-24'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger] [Gingerbase]
    [GingerS390x] pvital reviewed patches</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-25'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] samhenri fixed filtering and sorting
    in System Modules</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-26'>samhenri</a>,
    13:05:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] samhenri finished flex box
    implementation on Details accordion for system modules</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-27'>samhenri</a>,
    13:06:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] [kimchi] [ginger*] danielhb reviewed and
    pushed patches upstream, fixed issues with the make check-local of
    the plug-ins</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-28'>danielhb</a>,
    13:06:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] samhenri was working on 'Create
    logical pool from existing VG' but had to stop it in order to fix
    issues with System modules / SR-IOV in Ginger</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-29'>samhenri</a>,
    13:07:15)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru I am still finishing the max
    memory backend part.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-33'>rotru</a>,
    13:10:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ramonn working on backport logrotate patch,
    also looking for old bug about vm snapshot</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-35'>ramonn</a>,
    13:12:13)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html#l-41'>alinefm</a>, 13:15:45)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:18:46 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (21)</li>
  <li>pvital (5)</li>
  <li>samhenri (5)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (4)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>ziviani (2)</li>
  <li>danielhb (2)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (2)</li>
  <li>ramonn (2)</li>
  <li>rotru (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
