===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:11 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:02:27)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:02:27)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:27)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:04:26)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:04:27)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (alinefm,
    13:04:35)
  * [Wok] pvital is investigating some performance issues in wokd (high
    CPU consumption when idle)  (alinefm, 13:04:35)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted patch "Updates to support Fedora 24 and
    new distros"  (alinefm, 13:04:35)
  * [Kimchi] pvital worked on build distro (Fedora23, openSUSE Leap 42.1
    and Ubuntu 16.04) images with Kimchi 2.2 installed and configured.
    (alinefm, 13:04:35)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital opened JIRA issue against oVirt
    Infrastructure team requesting support to repository service
    (alinefm, 13:04:36)
  * [Ginger] peterpennings is working on SAN Adapters redesign
    (peterpennings, 13:04:43)
  * [Ginger] samhenri is working on Global Network Configuration
    redesign  (peterpennings, 13:04:47)
  * [Wok][Kimchi] socorro Tested/Reviewed patches  (alinefm, 13:04:55)
  * [*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb_, 13:04:57)
  * [Ginger] socorro Sent v2 of SR-IOV patch that takes care of 2 issues
    but  (alinefm, 13:05:06)
  * [Ginger] socorro didn't do i18n per Daniel's feedback due to it
    being more  (alinefm, 13:05:07)
  * [Ginger] socorro involved; just changed button "Ok" to "OK".
    Awaiting  (alinefm, 13:05:07)
  * [Ginger] socorro approval  (alinefm, 13:05:07)
  * [Kimchi] socorro Wrote 2 kimchi github issues that I came across
    when  (alinefm, 13:05:07)
  * [Kimchi] socorro testing patches - issues# 969, 970  (alinefm,
    13:05:07)
  * [ginger*] danielhb worked in the 2.2 community release  (danielhb_,
    13:05:10)
  * [kimchi][wok] alinefm worked for 2.2 releases  (alinefm, 13:05:22)
  * [kimchi] danielhb worked in a couple of fixes  (danielhb_, 13:05:26)
  * [*] ziviani returned from vacation  (ziviani, 13:05:38)
  * [ginger] bianca working on a bug related to deleting configuration
    backup file in command line and not reflecting back in the UI.
    Investigating possible solutions.  (bianca, 13:06:08)
  * [*] lcorreia got patches upstream to make sure log of failed
    requests does not break on requests with missing parameters
    (lcorreia, 13:06:40)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream fix for issue 100 - log failed user
    requests  (lcorreia, 13:06:40)
  * [wok] lcorreia is working on run_command improvements  (lcorreia,
    13:06:40)
  * [ginger] lcorreia is working on firmware update improvements
    (lcorreia, 13:06:40)
  * , chandra working on audit pages ...  (chandra, 13:10:01)
  * reviewed ginger/gingers390x patches  (chandra, 13:11:59)
  * [ginger] rotru fixed problem to load wok when libvirt service is not
    running. The code to register libvirt events was breaking Wok start
    up.  (rotru_, 13:12:14)
  * [kimchi]  rotru is working to fix the memory hot plug code in order
    to support guests xmls with tags MEMORY different of CURRENTMEMORY
    (rotru_, 13:13:43)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:16:09)



Meeting ended at 14:13:55 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (75)
* chandra (51)
* samhenri (21)
* danielhb (10)
* peterpennings (6)
* rotru_ (6)
* pvital (5)
* danielhb_ (4)
* lcorreia (4)
* ziviani (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* bianca (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4