<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:23 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">YuXin Authorization: add users/groups to vm
    patch v2 sent</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-10'>YuXin</a>,
    13:05:11)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-11'>alinefm</a>, 13:05:11)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">wenwang Authorization: remove host/template
    tabs for non-root users</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-13'>wenwang</a>,
    13:05:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">wenwang  Authorization: remove actions menu
    from storage/network tabs for non-rooot users</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-14'>wenwang</a>,
    13:05:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm made the authorization changes needed
    in backend according to the discussions on ML</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">wenwang Authorization: remove [+] icon from
    non-root users view</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-16'>wenwang</a>,
    13:05:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patch to let UI redirect user
    after login</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">royce is working on vm image template patches
    ,rebased 2 versions, still working on v5</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-18'>royce</a>,
    13:06:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">shaohef is working on ticket</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-19'>shaohef</a>,
    13:07:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">vianac made more changes in the authorization
    patches according to the discussion on the ML</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-21'>vianac</a>,
    13:07:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm is helping vianac to list resources
    according to users and groups assigned to them</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-24'>alinefm</a>,
    13:08:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patch to fix issue 374</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-26'>alinefm</a>,
    13:09:54)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-1.3">https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-1.3</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-31'>alinefm</a>,
    13:12:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html#l-44'>alinefm</a>, 13:17:49)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:31:52 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (42)</li>
  <li>wenwang (14)</li>
  <li>shaohef (7)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>lagarcia (2)</li>
  <li>YuXin (1)</li>
  <li>vianac (1)</li>
  <li>royce (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
