===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:58 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2014-11-19-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:06)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:50)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:50)
  * alinefm got new MockModel merged and also fixed some bugs on Model
    to do the MockModel transition happens  (alinefm, 13:04:34)
  * wenwang sent patch UI: edit template redefined  (wenwang, 13:04:41)
  * royce update ldap authentication & authorization to v6,
    authentication part merged  (royce, 13:04:52)
  * wenwang sent patch that disable "create" button when create a vm
    (wenwang, 13:05:15)
  * royce fixed two bugs related to lxml lib and pep8  (royce, 13:05:28)
  * vianac sent fixes to the snapshot feature (send empty JSON data in
    POST/PUT methods; fix error code when current snapshot doesn't
    exist); reviewed patches on the mailing list  (vianac, 13:06:32)
  * wenwang discussed with alinefm that we might need to change the
    storage upload function to part to part transfer in back-end then
    have it enabled  (wenwang, 13:06:45)
  * Simon send out migration v4/v5  (Guest209, 13:06:47)
  * postpone 1.4 code freeze one week to 11/26 to get SMT feature
    (backend and UI) and LDAP authorization UI  (alinefm, 13:12:12)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:15:37)



Meeting ended at 14:15:17 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (89)
* YuXin (69)
* vianac (45)
* christyp (40)
* royce (34)
* wenwang (9)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* Guest209 (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4