===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:03:34 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:03:43)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:03:43)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:03:43)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:05:34)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:05:34)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is working on multi-function pci hotplug  (ziviani,
    13:06:05)
  * [kimchi] socorro Sent v2 patch to ML for Edit Virtual Network with
    (alinefm, 13:06:05)
  * [kimchi] socorro passthrough support and including addressing issues
    from  (alinefm, 13:06:06)
  * [kimchi] socorro feedback; got applied upstream along with
    (alinefm, 13:06:06)
  * [kimchi] socorro alinefm's patch to complete edit virtual network
    feature  (alinefm, 13:06:06)
  * [kimchi] socorro Working on another issue from feedback regarding
    (alinefm, 13:06:06)
  * [kimchi] socorro interfaces showing only for first one even if there
    are more  (alinefm, 13:06:06)
  * [kimchi] socorro than one chosen by user.  This is an existing bug
    and not  (alinefm, 13:06:08)
  * [kimchi] socorro introduced by edit virtual network patch. Sent
    proposal  (alinefm, 13:06:10)
  * [kimchi] socorro to ML on how to display that and currently working
    on that.  (alinefm, 13:06:12)
  * [kimchi] socorro Revisited some github UI issues and added comments
    on them  (alinefm, 13:06:16)
  * [kimchi] socorro as some may no longer be valid.  (alinefm,
    13:06:18)
  * [gingerbase] peterpennings is working in some changes on update
    selected packages only  (peterpennings, 13:06:39)
  * [kimchi] ziviani sent a patch to fix the log search by time
    (ziviani, 13:06:49)
  * [ginger] read the rpm guidelines and provided fix for issue 334
    (ramonn, 13:06:51)
  * [kimchi] ziviani sent a patch to fix an issue on serial console
    (ziviani, 13:07:10)
  * [kimchi] alinefm helped socorro with edit network UI issues
    (alinefm, 13:07:32)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted V2 of patch "Isolate unit tests
    execution."  (pvital, 13:07:58)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted V4 of patch "Add support to Libvirt
    Events."  (pvital, 13:07:58)
  * [Wok] pvital is investigating some performance issues in wokd (high
    CPU consumption when idle)  (pvital, 13:07:58)
  * [Wok] pvital is working on Kimchi issue #78 (actually a Wok issue) -
    make async task stopable  (pvital, 13:07:58)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed (few) patches (this last
    week)  (pvital, 13:07:58)
  * [wok] alinefm sent patch to fix issue on user log activity (user log
    was displaying "No results found" even when there were logs)
    (alinefm, 13:08:14)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia sent to ML V2,V3,V4 for handling libvirt event
    ENOSPC  (lcorreia, 13:08:48)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia testing V4 for handling libvirt event ENOSPC with
    Ziviani's timeout reduction patch  (lcorreia, 13:08:48)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia helped Aline and Socorro testing edit network UI
    (lcorreia, 13:08:48)
  * [ginger] lcorreia got upstream patch to make fibre channel listing
    arch-independent  (lcorreia, 13:08:48)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream patches for translation of User Request
    Log messages  (lcorreia, 13:08:49)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream fix for an inconsistency bug on user log
    download url  (lcorreia, 13:08:49)
  * [wok] lcorreia investigated UI issue #109: make async notifications
    persistent across tabs  (lcorreia, 13:08:51)
  * [*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb, 13:09:00)
  * [Kimchi]  danielhb implemented a new libvirt network type in Kimchi
    called 'passthrough'  (danielhb, 13:09:25)
  * [ginger]  danielhb is at this moment working in SR-IOV fixes after
    testing the backend in real hardware  (danielhb, 13:09:51)
  * [Kimchi] rotru Completely separated guest static updates functions
    from live update functions;  (rotru, 13:12:58)
  * [Kimchi] rotru Fixed mockmodel functions to support memory devices;
    (rotru, 13:12:58)
  * [GingerBase] rotru Sent patch to improved capabilities and their log
    messages [waiting review/commit];  (rotru, 13:12:58)
  * [Kimchi] rotru Sent patch to add feature tests log messages [waiting
    review/commit];  (rotru, 13:12:58)
  * [kimchi] samhenri sent Storage Management patch v5  (samhenri,
    13:14:30)
  * [Kimchi] rotru Finished final version (v2) of Memory HotPlug support
    to memory devices greater than 1GB.  (rotru, 13:17:35)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:20:18)



Meeting ended at 14:17:32 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (81)
* pvital (22)
* peterpennings (18)
* lcorreia (11)
* samhenri (10)
* rotru (6)
* danielhb (5)
* ramonn (3)
* ziviani (3)
* lagarcia (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4