<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by danielhb at 13:01:13 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-6'>danielhb</a>,
    13:01:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-7'>danielhb</a>,
    13:01:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-8'>danielhb</a>,
    13:01:38)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-15'>danielhb</a>, 13:03:53)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-16'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani sent patch to review and is
    working on a new feature for graphic card passthrough</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-17'>ziviani</a>,
    13:05:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia sent V1 of User Request Log
    feature implementation to ML</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-18'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia is working on download option
    for User Request Log</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-19'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[gingerbase] lcorreia sent patch with custom
    messages for User Request Log</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-20'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] [ginger] lcorreia will work on custom
    messages for User Request Log</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-21'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia working on Kimchi feature:
    handle notifications for host ENOSPC from libvirt</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-22'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] sent last version of sr-iov and
    sysmodules to ginger dev list</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-23'>samhenri</a>,
    13:06:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] pvital is still working in backend
    part of issue #9 - Update selected packages</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-24'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted patches related to
    netboot templates/guests creation - in hold until ramonn finishes
    changes in templates API</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-25'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-26'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru [Kimchi] Sent patchset v2 of support
    maxMemory update in Templates and Guest</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-27'>rotru</a>,
    13:06:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] samhenri sent last version of sr-iov
    and sysmodules to ginger dev list*</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-28'>samhenri</a>,
    13:06:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] peterpennings is working on gallery
    view ui for guests</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-29'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:07:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] samhenri added new logos to Wok and all
    plugins, now waiting a patch to be able to get plugin versions to
    display in about window and footer (kimchi already does that, ginger
    returns an empty string and gingerbase a 505 error)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-30'>samhenri</a>,
    13:08:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru [Kimchi] Helped peterpennings with UI
    doubts and a bug that he found. Now I am fixing this problem, that
    happens in a very specific situation, when you set maxMemory =
    memory</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-31'>rotru</a>,
    13:09:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] samhenri sent mockups for user acitivity
    log, currently trying to create a new plugin based on "sample"
    plugin to host a new tab called settings with user log panel</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-32'>samhenri</a>,
    13:10:06)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html#l-37'>danielhb</a>, 13:16:15)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:36:57 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-02-24-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielhb (24)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (14)</li>
  <li>samhenri (11)</li>
  <li>alinefm (5)</li>
  <li>pvital (4)</li>
  <li>rotru (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>ziviani (2)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
