<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Oct  1 13:02:39 2014 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">scrum</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:03:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda 1) Status 2) Kimchi 1.4 plan 3) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:03:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:05:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so let's get started
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:05:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:05:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please provide your status using the #info command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:05:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">vianac fixed the missing implementation of issue #447, fixed issues #443 and #462, generated some binary packages for the 1.3 release, sent a patch to use PEP8 against all Python files, sent a patch to display the file README with proper Markdown style on Github, reviewed some patches on the mailing list.</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">alinefm sent patches to fix bugs #417, #432, #437, #445, #447, #454</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:07:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">alinefm updated distros.d file to point to a valid ISO URL</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, seems it is only you and me today =)
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:12:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> yeah, it seems so ;p
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:13:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> let's move on to Kimchi 1.4 plan
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:13:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Kimchi 1.4 plan</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:13:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, have you had a chance to see my email on ML with some proposals?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> yes
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> is all that expected for 1.4?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:15:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, I think all that would be good to have on next release
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> but due the holidays in the end of the year our plan will be short than usual
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:16:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> do you have more items to include there?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:16:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> or items to remove from that list?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:17:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> no
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:18:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> about the dates, I am thinking in do the GA on Dec 17th
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:18:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> the code freeze would be on Nov 19th
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> and instead of having 2 devel sprints and 2 stabilization sprints, we will have just one devel block and one stabilization block
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:19:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so from now to Nov 19th, it is time to do devel
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:20:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> and from Nov 19th to Dec 10th, tests and bug fixes
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:20:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> hum, that looks interesting
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:20:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> and we have one week of hard code freeze - only for block issues
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:22:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, yeap! hope it can work well for us
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:23:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> we will have 1.5 months until the code freeze
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:23:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> seems my list is a little bit big heheh
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:24:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> and also, Don has sent to ML and updated the github wiki to include the new UI design screenshots
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:24:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anyone has comments on it?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:24:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I haven't seen anything on ML yet
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:25:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alinefm:</span> I do, but I haven't finished writing my email.
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:25:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> alinefm, do you expect close all those items until Nov 19th?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:25:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> I mean
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:25:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> but in overall, I really liked the new interface and I'm looking forward having it on kimchi.
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:25:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> IMO, there are a lot of items there for only 1.5months of development
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:26:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> my comments are about some details on the mock screen, like what do some buttons do, etc
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:26:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, yeap - me too
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:26:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, any comment is welcome
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> but I'll dive into details in my email
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:27:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> pvital, I tried to include in my note what were the ideas shared before by the community
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:27:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> pvital, I agree with you that it seems a lot to do in just 1.5 months
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:28:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> alinefm, so let's get the list and prioritize the items!
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> which one is the most important, and must be present in next release?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> it is a little bit complicated to do that on open source community
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:29:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> for example, some of the features I listed is already under devel
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:29:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> which let me think they should be on kimchi 1.4
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:29:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> to encourage people to contribute and so
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:31:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> Ok, I know it's complicated to do that on OS community, but Kimchi project has this meeting to set project's directions
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:31:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> we can discuss to have a prioritized list but it will not block any person to start with the last item =)
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:32:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> if no one of the community express their opinion here, I'm so sorry! :-)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:32:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> pvital, what do you want to see next on Kimchi? share your thoughts
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:32:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> no one replied to my email on ML
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:32:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> from that list you sent, I see some items more important than others, like....
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:33:05 </span><span class="nka">* pvital</span> <span class="ac">is opening the email, just asec :-D</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:33:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/kimchi-devel/2014-September/008004.html
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:35:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> 1) SMT support; 2) Live migration; 3) Device (cpu and disk, specially) Hot plug; 4) Guest cloning and 5) Allow user adds volumes from different pools to a Template
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:36:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> I know that christyp is already working on SMT support
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:36:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> that is good, once we already have some discussions about it
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I don't expect to have live migration on kimchi 1.4
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:37:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> we should start some investigation and define a devel plan to do that
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:38:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> Live migration is a big feature - need to split into small tasks and merge these little tasks
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:38:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> yeap - because that I assume it will not be ready for 1.4
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:38:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> same for hot plug, we have {cpu, memory, disk, etc}  hot plug
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:39:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> alinefm, depends on how many developers you have to do this :-D
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:39:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> well, that's my prioritization :-D
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:40:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> my list would be: A, B, D, F, E, G, H, J, I, K, C, N, L, M
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:40:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> if you want, I can reply the email with it
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:40:34 </span><span class="nka">* pvital</span> <span class="ac">needs open again the email to check the letters :-D</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:41:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> from portal's list, I can take 4) and maybe 5)
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:41:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> *pvital's list
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:41:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> but I was also thinking about implementing the snapshot feature and the mockmodel refactor
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:42:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> alinefm, I guess Zheng Sheng submitted yesterday a new version of G
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:42:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, item 5 depends on "Template refactor"
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:43:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> pvital, yes I saw
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:43:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> alinefm, so vianac will work on both :-D
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:44:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> heheheh
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:45:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I will add all those items to the github wiki so anyone can check it and take the item
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:45:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> remember to insert your name on wiki to let others know you are working on the item
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:45:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> yeah, ok... :p
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:45:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> vianac, do you have in mind what would be your first item?
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:45:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> pvital, ^
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:46:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;baude&gt;</span> alinefm, vianac fwiw, I have a patch that will make #4 trivial
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:46:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;baude&gt;</span> as part of my guest edit rewrite
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:47:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;baude&gt;</span> vianac, did you see my message ?
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:47:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> alinefm, well, so what would be the tasks assigned to me?
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:47:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:48:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> guest cloning seems easier, so I could take that one first
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:48:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> snapshot also seems easier, but if we're doing it for this release
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:48:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> and then the storage pool / template, along with your patch
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:48:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;baude&gt;</span> vianac, i could share my patch with you and alinefm if you want to pick that up as part of the cloning stuff
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:49:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> baude, you can send it to ML so everyone can be aware of it
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:49:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> pvital, what about you? any idea already in mind?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:49:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vianac&gt;</span> baude, sure, that would be great
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:50:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;baude&gt;</span> yeah, but unfortunately it relies on the graphics update patch which hasn't been accepted yet
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:50:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;baude&gt;</span> will do
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:50:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;baude&gt;</span> maybe i can rewrite it to uncouple it
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:51:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> alinefm, about what?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:51:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> :-D
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:51:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> heheh
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:52:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> pvital, 1.4 tasks?!
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:52:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> no no!
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:52:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> I'm just that guys that talks, talks and talks
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:52:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> :-D
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:52:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:53:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> pvital, I was assuming you were so excited for them
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:53:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> hahahaha
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:53:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> alinefm, I would like to work on live mgration
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:53:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> and may be hot plug
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:53:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> :-D
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:54:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:54:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else in mind for 1.4?
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:54:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> do you have topics for a open discussion session?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:54:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> alinefm, I don't think so! let's discuss about 1.3 release party! :-D
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:55:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> pvital, well remembered!
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:55:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> =P
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:55:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> where? when?
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:56:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> :-D
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:57:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">alinefm update github wiki with 1.4 tasks and dates</span>
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:58:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> thanks everyone for joining!
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:58:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
