===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:34 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:02:26)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:02:26)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:26)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:27)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:28)
  * [Kimchi] pvital is still working in issue #817  (pvital, 13:03:39)
  * [Kimchi] submitted patches: "Fix error message for IOMMU
    configuration." and "Add python-pillow as RPM dependency."  (pvital,
    13:03:40)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger] [Gingerbase] [GingerS390x] pvital reviewed
    patches  (pvital, 13:03:40)
  * [wok] alinefm sent patches to verify IBM license header and
    copyright date on make check-local  (alinefm, 13:03:53)
  * [wok] alinefm removed legacy widgets code  (alinefm, 13:04:08)
  * [kimchi] ziviani sent patch (serial web console) for review
    (ziviani, 13:04:20)
  * [Ginger] ramonn working on bug about tuned service link on rpm
    installation  (ramonn, 13:04:22)
  * [wok] alinefm sent patch to fix server redirection on resource
    update  (alinefm, 13:04:26)
  * [Ginger] worked on issues #139,#141,#163  (Abhiram18, 13:04:26)
  * [kimchi] reviewed code  (ziviani, 13:04:42)
  * [wok] lcorreia sent to ML RFC for user activity log functionality
    (lcorreia, 13:04:50)
  * [wok] lcorreia will start implementation of user activity log
    functionality  (lcorreia, 13:04:50)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia got backend feature upstream: include option to
    specify max_vcpu and current_vcpu separately per guest/template
    (lcorreia, 13:04:50)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia working on fixing VLAN handling for bridged
    networks in backend  (lcorreia, 13:04:50)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia will work to handle notifications for host ENOSPC
    from libvirt in kimchi backend  (lcorreia, 13:04:50)
  * [kimchi] ziviani applied code review to serial webconsole and sent
    for review again  (ziviani, 13:05:10)
  * [wok] [kimchi] danielhb reviewed patches  (danielhb, 13:08:33)
  * [ginger*] danielhb reviewed patches and pushed them upstream
    (danielhb, 13:08:39)
  * sent patches on help content to reflect the latest UI for
    Ginger/GingerBase  (chandra, 13:09:22)
  * WalterNik [wok] [Ginger] [Gingerbase] [GingerS390x] Trying to get
    some understanding on UI accessabilty requirements  (WalterNik,
    13:09:53)
  * rotru [kimchi] I am changing now the KIMCHI API to expose memory and
    maxmemory as  memory: { current: , maxmemory} . There are lots of
    changes in the tests.  I will also have to rebase my code with
    latest code of maxcpus.... still need more time  (rotru, 13:09:57)
  * sent patch for having libvirtd service start first if ginger
    installed  (chandra, 13:10:28)
  * rotru Reviewed/Tested maxmemory UI patch  (rotru, 13:11:16)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:13:50)



Meeting ended at 13:19:49 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (31)
* pvital (6)
* lcorreia (6)
* lagarcia (5)
* rotru (5)
* ramonn (4)
* WalterNik (4)
* ziviani (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* danielhb (2)
* Abhiram18 (2)
* chandra (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4