===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:03:50 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:03:58)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:03:59)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:03:59)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:07:29)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:07:29)
  * [Kimchi] socorro Sent patch to ML for review for github issue# 979 -
    (alinefm, 13:07:37)
  * [Kimchi] socorro Change boot order UI.  However, found a backend bug
    while  (alinefm, 13:07:37)
  * [Kimchi] socorro testing.  Per Ramon, went ahead and wrote github
    issue:  (alinefm, 13:07:37)
  * [Kimchi] socorro to address backend problem:  (alinefm, 13:07:37)
  * [Kimchi] socorro
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/1012  (alinefm,
    13:07:37)
  * [Kimchi] socorro Ran sanity tests for Kimchi on Ubuntu 16.04
    (alinefm, 13:07:38)
  * [Kimchi] socorro Sent Aline list of issues as possible candidates to
    be closed out  (alinefm, 13:07:39)
  * [Kimchi] bianca submitted a patch corrections to issue #860 -
    Support Guest Autostart, waiting review.  (bianca, 13:07:47)
  * [*] bianca is working with Fedora 24 release tests.  (bianca,
    13:07:47)
  * [*] alinefm is testing 2.3 release on CentOS 7  (alinefm, 13:08:02)
  * [wok] lcorreia sent V3, V4 patches and got upstream fix for Wok
    issue #141  (lcorreia, 13:08:14)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream: fix plugin uri lookup for user log
    (lcorreia, 13:08:14)
  * [*] lcorreia running release tests in RHEL 7.2  (lcorreia, 13:08:14)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia working on PCI passthrough coldplug fixes
    (lcorreia, 13:08:14)
  * [ginger*] lcorreia reviewed/applied patches upstream  (lcorreia,
    13:08:14)
  * [*] lcorreia maintaining/pushed branches to HostOS kimchi-ginger
    upstream trees  (lcorreia, 13:08:15)
  * [*] pvital is testing 2.3 release on Ubuntu 16.04  (pvital_,
    13:08:20)
  * [kimchi] ramonn Sent "Should not be allowed to remove "default"
    storagepool and network" to RFC  (alinefm, 13:15:09)
  * [kimchi] ramonn Sent "[Kimchi] integrety: storage pool
    deactivate/undefine needs to consider vm usage"  (alinefm, 13:15:10)
  * [wok] ramonn worked on "js rpms as default libs". Will sent to
    review this week  (alinefm, 13:15:10)
  * [all] ramonn run OpenSuSE tests. Most important issue found is #1010
    (alinefm, 13:15:10)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:15:52)



Meeting ended at 13:22:43 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (33)
* lcorreia (9)
* bianca (7)
* pvital_ (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4