<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:17 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-3'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Plans for next release</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">3) Open Discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:45)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Plans for next release</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>, 13:04:15)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/kimchi-devel/2016-September/016736.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The focus will be on 2.3.1 release
    (stable-2.3.x branch) to be announced on Dec 16th</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-16'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">In addition to it, any new content available on
    master branch will be part of 2.4-Beta release at the same
    date</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:32)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">alinefm
    creates next release plan wiki with all the important dates</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I also want to thank you all for the great job
    on 2.3 releases!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:59)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-22'>alinefm</a>, 13:09:05)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>,
    13:09:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] alinefm sent patches to fix issues
    #521 and #1019</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-24'>alinefm</a>,
    13:10:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia working on PCI device detach
    issue</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-25'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:10:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia fixed issue 974</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-26'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:10:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open
    Power HostOS branches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-27'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:10:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi][wok] alinefm worked on 2.3 releases;
    updated github.io pages and announced the release</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-28'>alinefm</a>,
    13:11:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] danielhb fixed an issue with Ginger
    RPM and tuned</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-29'>danielhb</a>,
    13:11:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] danielhb will take a look into some
    live migration issues</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-30'>danielhb</a>,
    13:11:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] sent RFC about listing kernel
    modules</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-31'>ramonn</a>,
    13:12:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] pvital reviewed patches</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-34'>pvital</a>,
    13:14:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] pvital has been working on Kimchi Issue
    #733 to support the usage of relative paths/URLs</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-35'>pvital</a>,
    13:15:44)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html#l-38'>alinefm</a>, 13:17:21)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:21:10 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm creates next release plan wiki with all the important dates</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> alinefm <ol>
    <li>alinefm creates next release plan wiki with all the important dates</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (25)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (5)</li>
  <li>pvital (4)</li>
  <li>danielhb (4)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>ramonn (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
