<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 12:04:24 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    12:04:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    12:04:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    12:04:33)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>, 12:07:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    12:07:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on
    packaging for Debian/Ubuntu</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-15'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:07:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open
    Power HostOS branches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-16'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:07:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] bianca sent a patch related to issue
    #226 - Show GiB instead of g for Volume Group sizes. Patch was
    applied.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-17'>bianca</a>,
    12:07:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] bianca sent a patch related to issue
    #397 - Fedora 24: Network Configuration - Bring VLAN interface up.
    The problem is related to IPv4 DHCP, when user try to bring vlan
    interface up and there is no dhcp working in that interface, an
    default message is display in the UI and the interface is not
    started. Patch is under review.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-18'>bianca</a>,
    12:07:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] bianca is working on a bug related to
    network. When user try to bring some interface on and there is no
    script for that interface on '/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/'
    directory, an generic error message is displayed in the UI and the
    interface is not started.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-19'>bianca</a>,
    12:07:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] bianca sent a patch related to
    issue #140 - Fedora 24: Bug when try to rename multiple debug
    reports. Patch is under review.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-20'>bianca</a>,
    12:07:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] bianca is working on issue #137 -
    "Update All" button should be disabled when the update successfully
    finished. Still investigating this issue.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-21'>bianca</a>,
    12:07:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm is working on issues #173 and
    #174 related to how wok interact with plugins</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-22'>alinefm</a>,
    12:08:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb investigated the differences of
    css that were happening between branches and OSses. He concluded
    that upgrading all pip installed packages solves the issue</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-23'>danielhb</a>,
    12:09:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn close issue 970 about
    permissions on ISO templates</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-24'>ramonn</a>,
    12:09:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] danielhb is investigating and working
    in the CPU hotplug feature</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-25'>danielhb</a>,
    12:09:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn sent RFC about listing kernel
    module</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-26'>ramonn</a>,
    12:10:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html#l-35'>alinefm</a>, 12:11:51)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 12:23:06 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (25)</li>
  <li>ramonn (7)</li>
  <li>bianca (6)</li>
  <li>danielhb (5)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
