===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:56 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:02:14)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:02:14)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:14)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:09)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:09)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream fixes for issues #140, #142  (lcorreia,
    13:03:23)
  * [*] lcorreia got upstream improvements/fixes for user log messages
    (lcorreia, 13:03:24)
  * [ginger] lcorreia got upstream fix for issue #380  (lcorreia,
    13:03:24)
  * [*] lcorreia sent RFC/working on Wok issue #141  (lcorreia,
    13:03:24)
  * [*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb, 13:03:33)
  * [wok] ramonn worked on js rpm libs. Let patch in review waiting for
    help with makefiles  (ramonn, 13:03:40)
  * [*] bianca submitted a patch to issue #585 - 'make clean' does not
    revert its changes from 'make rpm'.  (bianca, 13:03:46)
  * [Kimchi] bianca is working on a feature request #860 - Support Guest
    Autostart, sent a RFC to ML waiting for responses.  (bianca,
    13:03:46)
  * [*] danielhb made control changes across all plug-ins  (danielhb,
    13:03:48)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:03:53)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital is working with oVirt team to use
    their infra-structure to automatically build packages and images of
    our projects.  (pvital, 13:03:53)
  * [Wok] pvital is working issue #122 - Make AsyncTask stoppable.
    (pvital, 13:03:53)
  * [Kimchi] pvital is helping user with issue #980 - cannot save
    permission setting for VM  (pvital, 13:03:53)
  * [Wok] socorro Tested/Reviewed patch  (danielhb, 13:04:03)
  * [*] socorro Followed up/Updated various bugzilla/github issues with
    (danielhb, 13:04:03)
  * [*] socorro accurate status/info where needed; requested for some
    issues  (danielhb, 13:04:03)
  * [*] socorro to be retried by the reporter as they may no longer be
    valid -  (danielhb, 13:04:03)
  * [*] socorro issues# 490, 425  (danielhb, 13:04:03)
  * [Kimchi] socorro Patch sent out to ML for issue# 317; already
    applied upstream  (danielhb, 13:04:04)
  * [Kimchi] socorro Have some concerns about cpu hotplug fix that was
    applied  (danielhb, 13:04:05)
  * [Kimchi] socorro recently; working w/Ziviani  (danielhb, 13:04:07)
  * [kimchi] ramonn sent patch to implement title and description.
    Waiting review at v3  (ramonn, 13:04:07)
  * [Ginger] peterpennings is working on put the resources name in
    confirmations dialog  (peterpennings, 13:04:23)
  * [kimchi] ramonn will sent patch about "Do not delete pool and
    network in use by templates or guests " after scrum  (ramonn,
    13:04:52)
  * [Ginger] samhenri currently working on Redesigned Network
    Configuration  (samhenri, 13:06:41)
  * [*] ziviani updated openpower trees  (ziviani, 13:07:15)
  * [Wok] samhenri fixed some minor issues with Datatables JS and CSS,
    added a ip-address sort plugin (MIT license) for Network
    Configuration. Will send patch once the redesigned panel is finished
    (samhenri, 13:08:13)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:10:44)



Meeting ended at 13:44:33 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (67)
* pvital (29)
* danielhb (17)
* lcorreia (5)
* ramonn (3)
* samhenri (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* bianca (2)
* peterpennings (2)
* ziviani (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4