===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:20 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2014-08-27-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:30)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:04:05)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:04:05)
  * YuXin list iSCSI targets patch v1 sent  (YuXin, 13:04:15)
  * vianac sent WIP patchset for the feature "Download remote ISO to
    storage pool"; reviewed patches on the mailing list  (vianac,
    13:04:18)
  * royce submitted patches of uploading volume, now refactoring patch
    to integrate cgi bigfile optimization  (royce, 13:04:19)
  * alinefm sent patches to discover kimchi peers using openSLP
    (alinefm, 13:04:23)
  * YuXin kimchi peers patch v2 sent  (YuXin, 13:04:38)
  * alinefm sent patch to centralize graphics information in a single
    data structure  (alinefm, 13:04:39)
  * wenwang sent patch of Authorization: Allow admin user change
    permission settings when VM is running  (wenwang, 13:04:58)
  * royce fixed bug of attaching iscsi volume to vm--need review
    (royce, 13:05:01)
  * rotru Sent patches to fix storage tab UI in guest edit window
    (rotru, 13:06:54)
  * rotru Sent patch to fix path of Iscsi storage in storage tab of
    guest edit window  (rotru, 13:07:50)
  * rotru Sent V1 patch of feature "Create template from VM"  (rotru,
    13:08:08)
  * almost complete on patches to edit graphics options on the template
    and guests  (baude, 13:09:33)
  * baude almost complete on patches to edit graphics options on the
    template and guests  (baude, 13:09:52)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:14:25)



Meeting ended at 13:35:49 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (50)
* baude (13)
* royce (10)
* wenwang (6)
* YuXin (6)
* rotru (6)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* vianac (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4