===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:53 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:01:04)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:01:05)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:01:05)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:36)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:36)
  * [kimchi] socorro Stopped working on Edit Virtual Network UI as focus
    is on new adjustments for Create Template UI based on feedback.
    (alinefm, 13:04:03)
  * [kimchi] socorro In addition to eliminating all radio buttons and
    only have one panel, a proposal was made to add icons to distinguish
    between local and remote ISOs and also add filtering.  (alinefm,
    13:04:03)
  * [kimchi] socorro Implemented all but filtering is lacking the select
    box although filtering does exist by user typing in letters instead.
    Continuing to work on other part of filtering and also minor UI
    issues found.  (alinefm, 13:04:03)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is working on the capabilities feature to improve
    the performance  (ziviani, 13:04:23)
  * [ginger*] [kimchi] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb,
    13:04:43)
  * [gingerbase] peterpennings is working on update only selected
    packages  (peterpennings, 13:04:46)
  * [ginger] danielhb working in SR-IOV enhancements in the Network
    feature  (danielhb, 13:05:00)
  * [Kimchi] pvital investigated and is waiting feedback related to
    issue#845 - Kimchi don't start on CentOS 7.2  (pvital, 13:05:03)
  * [Wok] pvital submitted patch "Update AsyncResource class with delete
    method." as part of solution to Kimchi issue#817  (pvital, 13:05:03)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted V1, V2 and V3 patch-set to solve issue#817
    - PCI attach/detach improvements.  (pvital, 13:05:03)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted V2 and V3 patch-set to solve issue#372 -
    Add support to netboot installation.  (pvital, 13:05:03)
  * [Kimchi] pvital started to investigate the issue#201 - Kimchi should
    handle libvirt connection failures.  (pvital, 13:05:05)
  * [Kimchi] pvital is working in V4 patch-set to solve issue#372 - Add
    support to netboot installation.  (pvital, 13:05:08)
  * [kimchi] ziviani sent patches to fix issues #924 and #920  (ziviani,
    13:05:09)
  * [Kimchi] [Wok] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:05:10)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia got "edit network" feature upstream  (lcorreia_,
    13:05:34)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia is working on Kimchi issue #812  (lcorreia_,
    13:05:34)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia will use Asynchronous Notifications and Libvirt
    Events to handle libvirt event ENOSPC  (lcorreia_, 13:05:34)
  * [ginger] lcorreia is working on issue in fibre channel listing
    (lcorreia_, 13:05:34)
  * [wok] lcorreia will work on adding translation to User Request Log
    messages  (lcorreia_, 13:05:34)
  * [kimchi] peter pennings is working on V2 patch to disable invalid
    templates  (peterpennings, 13:05:41)
  * [ginger] samhenri is working on debug reports  (peterpennings,
    13:06:52)
  * [Kimchi] rotru  Started to code "Enable/Disable Plugins" feature
    (rotru, 13:06:55)
  * [Kimchi][Wok] rotru Working in bug fixes in Guests and Templates
    updates  (rotru, 13:07:49)
  * [kimchi] ramonn working on template issues while updating image
    based templates  (ramonn, 13:09:25)
  * [ginger] samhenri is working on debug reports  (peterpennings,
    13:09:54)
  * [ginger] ramonn working on spec issues  (ramonn, 13:10:08)
  * [ginger] ramonn merged patch about error on list network interfaces
    (ramonn, 13:10:22)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:12:23)
  * LINK: https://paste.fedoraproject.org/357767/57922146/  (alinefm,
    13:18:45)



Meeting ended at 13:33:21 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (49)
* pvital (30)
* peterpennings (6)
* lcorreia_ (5)
* ramonn (4)
* ziviani (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* danielhb (2)
* rotru (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4