===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by danielhb at 13:01:02 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-03-09-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (danielhb, 13:01:21)
* Open discussion  (danielhb, 13:01:35)
* 1) Status  (danielhb, 13:03:39)
* 2) Open discussion  (danielhb, 13:03:53)
* Status  (danielhb, 13:04:20)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (danielhb, 13:04:30)
  * [gingerbase] ziviani sent patch to address the issue #853: Add vgs,
    lvs and pvs missing functions to disks.pyâ€‹  (ziviani, 13:04:36)
  * [kimchi] is working to fix small issues on web serial console code
    (ziviani, 13:05:02)
  * samhenri investigating issue with wok.message.js in modal windows
    (samhenri, 13:05:13)
  * [Gingerbase] pvital submitted V2 patch-set related to backend part
    of issue #9 - Update selected packages  (pvital, 13:05:15)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted patch to solve issue #859 - Fix error when
    adding new disk to VM  (pvital, 13:05:16)
  * [kimchi] pvital is working on a solution to issue #817 - Add Events
    support to PCI hot-plug/unplug  (pvital, 13:05:16)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:05:16)
  * [wok] samhenri investigating issue with wok.message.js in modal
    windows  (samhenri, 13:05:26)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream improvements and fixes for User Request
    Log feature with download option  (lcorreia, 13:05:41)
  * [kimchi] [ginger] [gingerbase] lcorreia got upstream improved custom
    messages for User Request Log  (lcorreia, 13:05:41)
  * lcorreia will focus on bug fixes  (lcorreia, 13:05:41)
  * rotru [Kimchi] Made minor changes in Kimchi UI;  (rotru, 13:06:23)
  * [ginger*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches, fixed a couple of
    issues that found along the way. Sent OVS bridge backend and a
    SR-IOV change for mlx5 module  (danielhb, 13:06:27)
  * rotru [Ginger] Fixed objects selection in Ginger SEP section;
    (rotru, 13:06:42)
  * rotru [Kimchi] Changed max memory limits for guests;  (rotru,
    13:07:01)
  * rotru [Gingerbase] Fixed multiple problems in GingerBase
    Repositories update UI and backend;  (rotru, 13:07:19)
  * [kimchi] samhenri investigating issue with PCI filter and PCI
    devices in Edit Guest modal window  (samhenri, 13:07:20)

* Open discussion  (danielhb, 13:12:59)



Meeting ended at 13:22:25 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* danielhb (26)
* pvital (7)
* lagarcia (7)
* samhenri (6)
* lcorreia (4)
* rotru (4)
* ziviani (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4