<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb 24 13:01:13 2016 UTC.  The chair is danielhb. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:01:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">scrum</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:01:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">1) Status</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:01:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="hi">all:</span> anything else for today's scrum?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:02:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="hi">all:</span> topics, I mean :)
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> 10
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:03:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> 9
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> 8
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:03:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:04:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:05:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ziviani&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] ziviani sent patch to review and is working on a new feature for graphic card passthrough</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:05:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] lcorreia sent V1 of User Request Log feature implementation to ML</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:05:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] lcorreia is working on download option for User Request Log</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:05:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[gingerbase] lcorreia sent patch with custom messages for User Request Log</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:05:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] [ginger] lcorreia will work on custom messages for User Request Log</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:05:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] lcorreia working on Kimchi feature: handle notifications for host ENOSPC from libvirt</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:06:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] sent last version of sr-iov and sysmodules to ginger dev list</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:06:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Gingerbase] pvital is still working in backend part of issue #9 - Update selected packages</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:06:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Kimchi] pvital submitted patches related to netboot templates/guests creation - in hold until ramonn finishes changes in templates API</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:06:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:06:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">rotru [Kimchi] Sent patchset v2 of support maxMemory update in Templates and Guest</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:06:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] samhenri sent last version of sr-iov and sysmodules to ginger dev list*</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:07:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;peterpennings&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] peterpennings is working on gallery view ui for guests</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:08:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] samhenri added new logos to Wok and all plugins, now waiting a patch to be able to get plugin versions to display in about window and footer (kimchi already does that, ginger returns an empty string and gingerbase a 505 error)</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:09:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">rotru [Kimchi] Helped peterpennings with UI doubts and a bug that he found. Now I am fixing this problem, that happens in a very specific situation, when you set maxMemory = memory</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:10:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] samhenri sent mockups for user acitivity log, currently trying to create a new plugin based on "sample" plugin to host a new tab called settings with user log panel</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:15:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="hi">all:</span> anything else to share on Status?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:15:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:16:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:16:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> moving on to Open Discussion
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:16:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Open Discussion</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:17:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="hi">all:</span> As a reminder to everyone, the scrum is scheduled based on Brazil Standard Time. Our daylight saving time ended this weekend, so for everyone else that isn't living on Brazil the scrum is now 1 hour earlier.
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:18:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> i have a question, today ends the development phase for wok but i'm still working with user log support and I haven't seen any other discussion or patch related to the backend for this new feature
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> samhenri, lucio is taking care of that AFAIK. lcorreia ?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:20:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> samhenri, hi, I sent the patch yesterday
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> samhenri, User Request Log I'm calling it
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:21:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> lcorreia I see it now
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:21:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> samhenri, let me know if you find any problem on your tests
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:22:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> samhenri, I'm still implementing the download option
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:22:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> lcorreia sure, no problem
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:23:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> samhenri, yep, you can still implement it, all UI requests will have download=True as a filter parameter
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> i'm not sure if can finish this by today, is this a problem? i mean, due the release window
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> samhenri, this is up to maintainers, Aline and Daniel
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:24:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> danielhb, ^
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:25:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> samhenri, have you sent the patch to the ML already ?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:27:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> danielhb i haven't even started to port the static html to a functional page within wok yet, i'm still having some issues trying to create a new tab in the navbar for this
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:29:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> samhenri, well so if the soft freeze for Kimchi is today then I believe you'll miss it, unfortunately. However, I don't know how much of a big deal it is. Unless you have a previous understanding with alinefm , the worst that will happen is that your patch will be included in the next release
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:29:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> samhenri, we'll have another community release in a few months
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:30:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> samhenri, feel free to talk with alinefm , perhaps she can make some sort of arrangement for your case
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:31:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> samhenri, if we can postpone the code freeze to this Friday you will have enough time to finish it
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:31:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:31:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> alinefm yes
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:31:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> samhenri, we can do that so
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> alinefm ok
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:34:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="hi">all:</span> anything else for today's scrum comrades?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:35:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, no
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:35:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> =)
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:36:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> danielhb, no :)
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ziviani&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:36:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="hi">all:</span> thanks for joining and, as always, have a nice day
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:36:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
