===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:35 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-03-02-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:01:54)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:01:54)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:01:54)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:24)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:25)
  * [kimchi] ziviani sent patch to review "v2 Set memory when attaching
    GPU"  (ziviani, 13:03:49)
  * [kimchi] [ginger] [gingerbase] alinefm sent patch to update the
    /config API to proper return the plugin version  (alinefm, 13:04:00)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is working to fix small issues on webconsole
    (ziviani, 13:04:06)
  * [wok] samhenri sent user activity log to ml  (samhenri, 13:04:45)
  * [wok] samhenri sent week  (samhenri, 13:05:23)
  * [Gingerbase] pvital is still working in V2 patch to backend part of
    issue #9 (Update selected packages)  (pvital, 13:05:30)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:05:31)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream User Request Log feature with download
    option  (lcorreia, 13:06:07)
  * [gingerbase] lcorreia got upstream custom messages for User Request
    Log  (lcorreia, 13:06:07)
  * [kimchi] [ginger] lcorreia sent V1 of custom messages for User
    Request Log  (lcorreia, 13:06:07)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia will restart work on Kimchi feature: handle
    notifications for host ENOSPC from libvirt  (lcorreia, 13:06:07)
  * [wok] samhenri sent wok logos patch and updated login page and about
    window  (samhenri, 13:06:25)
  * [kimchi] ramonn  working on "single field for template creation".
    stucked at tests update. Working to fix tests: status (FAILED
    (failures=12, errors=6, skipped=12)  (ramonn, 13:06:55)
  * [kimchi] samhenri currently helping fix guests gallery view
    (samhenri, 13:07:59)
  * [ginger] WalterNik Investigating globalisation/multilanguage
    requirements and issues  (WalterNik, 13:08:44)
  * [ginger*] jansch Investigating accessibility requirements and issues
    (jansch, 13:10:01)
  * [ginger*] Atreyee sent patch for issue # 42.  (atreyee, 13:10:15)
  * [ginger*] Atreyee analyzing accessibility requirements  (atreyee,
    13:10:57)
  * [Kimchi] I am planning to come up with KVMIBM specific spec files
    for wok and plugins, please let me know your inputs/concerns ..
    (jkatta, 13:11:05)
  * [gingers390x] Pooja sent patch for issues 41 and 40  (pooja,
    13:11:43)
  * [ginger] Working on JSON schema for cfginterfaces  (jkatta,
    13:12:31)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:16:49)
  * Wok is on code freeze, ie, only bug fixes will be accepted upstream
    from now on up to the release announcement  (alinefm, 13:17:47)
  * I have created a new tag for wok, 2.1.0-rc1 to mark the code freeze
    (alinefm, 13:18:16)
  * Kimchi will enter on code freeze by the end of the day today
    (alinefm, 13:18:31)
  * All pending patches on ML for Kimchi will be applied prior to code
    freeze  (alinefm, 13:18:51)
  * [Gingerbase] entered code freeze yesterday  (danielhb, 13:20:13)
  * [Ginger*] danielhb reviewed and pushed patches upstream, created
    gingerbase tag, fixed a couple of RPM issues  (danielhb, 13:21:07)



Meeting ended at 13:50:05 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (50)
* samhenri (23)
* danielhb (11)
* WalterNik (11)
* pvital (8)
* chandra (6)
* lcorreia (5)
* ziviani (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* atreyee (2)
* jkatta (2)
* pooja (1)
* jansch (1)
* ramonn (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4