<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:53 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:05)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 13:03:36)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Stopped working on Edit
    Virtual Network UI as focus is on new adjustments for Create
    Template UI based on feedback.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro In addition to eliminating all
    radio buttons and only have one panel, a proposal was made to add
    icons to distinguish between local and remote ISOs and also add
    filtering.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-16'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Implemented all but filtering
    is lacking the select box although filtering does exist by user
    typing in letters instead.  Continuing to work on other part of
    filtering and also minor UI issues found.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani is working on the capabilities
    feature to improve the performance</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-18'>ziviani</a>,
    13:04:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger*] [kimchi] danielhb reviewed and
    applied patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-19'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[gingerbase] peterpennings is working on update
    only selected packages</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-20'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:04:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] danielhb working in SR-IOV
    enhancements in the Network feature</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-21'>danielhb</a>,
    13:05:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital investigated and is waiting
    feedback related to issue#845 - Kimchi don't start on CentOS
    7.2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-22'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital submitted patch "Update
    AsyncResource class with delete method." as part of solution to
    Kimchi issue#817</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-23'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted V1, V2 and V3
    patch-set to solve issue#817 - PCI attach/detach
    improvements.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-24'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted V2 and V3 patch-set
    to solve issue#372 - Add support to netboot installation.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-25'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital started to investigate the
    issue#201 - Kimchi should handle libvirt connection failures.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-26'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital is working in V4 patch-set to
    solve issue#372 - Add support to netboot installation.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-27'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani sent patches to fix issues
    #924 and #920</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-28'>ziviani</a>,
    13:05:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] [Wok] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-29'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia got "edit network" feature
    upstream</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-30'>lcorreia_</a>,
    13:05:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia is working on Kimchi issue
    #812</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-31'>lcorreia_</a>,
    13:05:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia will use Asynchronous
    Notifications and Libvirt Events to handle libvirt event
    ENOSPC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-32'>lcorreia_</a>,
    13:05:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] lcorreia is working on issue in fibre
    channel listing</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-33'>lcorreia_</a>,
    13:05:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia will work on adding translation
    to User Request Log messages</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-34'>lcorreia_</a>,
    13:05:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] peter pennings is working on V2 patch
    to disable invalid templates</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-35'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:05:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] samhenri is working on debug
    reports</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-36'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:06:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru  Started to code "Enable/Disable
    Plugins" feature</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-37'>rotru</a>,
    13:06:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi][Wok] rotru Working in bug fixes in
    Guests and Templates updates</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-38'>rotru</a>,
    13:07:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn working on template issues
    while updating image based templates</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-40'>ramonn</a>,
    13:09:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] samhenri is working on debug
    reports</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-42'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:09:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn working on spec issues</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-44'>ramonn</a>,
    13:10:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn merged patch about error on
    list network interfaces</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-46'>ramonn</a>,
    13:10:22)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-50'>alinefm</a>, 13:12:23)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://paste.fedoraproject.org/357767/57922146/">https://paste.fedoraproject.org/357767/57922146/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html#l-68'>alinefm</a>,
    13:18:45)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:33:21 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-04-20-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (49)</li>
  <li>pvital (30)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (6)</li>
  <li>lcorreia_ (5)</li>
  <li>ramonn (4)</li>
  <li>ziviani (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>danielhb (2)</li>
  <li>rotru (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
