===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:20 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:00:40)
* 2.2 Plan  (alinefm, 13:00:48)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:00:50)
* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:00:56)
* 2.1 Plan  (alinefm, 13:02:59)
  * 2.2 dates: https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/wiki/planning-2.2
    (alinefm, 13:03:19)
  * All plugins (Kimchi, GingerBase and Ginger) use the same dates from
    Wok  (alinefm, 13:03:48)
  * 2.2 release will be announced on Jun 24  (alinefm, 13:04:10)
  * ToDo Lists:  (alinefm, 13:04:22)
  * - Wok: https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/wiki/Todo-2.2
    (alinefm, 13:04:40)
  * - Kimchi: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-2.2
    (alinefm, 13:04:50)
  * - Ginger: https://github.com/kimchi-project/ginger/wiki/Todo-2.2
    (alinefm, 13:05:00)
  * - GingerBase:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/gingerbase/wiki/Todo-2.2
    (alinefm, 13:05:08)

* Status  (alinefm, 13:25:26)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:25:28)
  * [kimchi] ziviani sent patch to fix issue with "view vnc" link and is
    working to fix issue with templates from existing images  (ziviani,
    13:25:38)
  * [wok] samhenri currently working on wok.list.js to support multiple
    selection in Debug Reports and Repositories, already working with
    keyboard navigation and small screen support  (samhenri, 13:26:35)
  * [ginger] samhenri fixed environment issues with OVS support,
    currently paused OVS panel development until Debug Reports /
    wok.list is done  (samhenri, 13:26:54)
  * [kimchi] ramonn sent v3 of "use a single entry for create templates"
    (ramonn, 13:27:08)
  * [ginger] sureshab working on user management bugs and profile
    enhancements  (suresh, 13:27:21)
  * [ginger] ramonn investigating bug #135859  (ramonn, 13:27:23)
  * [Gingerbase] pvital submitted the V5 (and was committed) of
    patch-set to solve issue #9 - Update selected packages  (pvital,
    13:27:23)
  * [Kimchi] pvital is working on a solution to issue #817 - Add Events
    support to PCI attach/deattach  (pvital, 13:27:24)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted the patch "Add support to Libvirt Events."
    (pvital, 13:27:24)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:27:24)
  * [gingerbase] samhenri made some changes in Debug Reports and
    Repositories in gingerbase.host-dashboard.js and
    gingerbase.host-update.js to work with new wok.list.js changes. Took
    some points from the acessibility issues and already provided some
    changes that may enhance user experience but a proper new
    acessibility test is probably required  (samhenri, 13:27:25)
  * [kimchi] peterpennings currently working on 'Disable Template when
    it has invalid parameters and add a mouse hover message' task
    (samhenri, 13:27:33)
  * [ginger] atreyee raised issues for accessibility with respect to
    keyboard navigation,focus and sequence  (atreyee, 13:28:20)
  * [gingerbase] atreyee raised issues for accessibility with respect to
    keyboard navigation,focus and sequence  (atreyee, 13:28:43)
  * [kimchi] rotru Fixed memory value returned from backend: (current
    memory + memory devices);  (rotru, 13:29:18)
  * [kimchi] rotru changed UI to check memory values before send
    request;  (rotru, 13:29:18)
  * [kimchi] rotru Fixed Issue #861 - Sent patch to recognize latest
    CentOS version;  (rotru, 13:29:18)
  * [ginger] danielhb is working in the new 'services' backend
    (danielhb, 13:29:31)
  * [ginger] jkatta will start investigation on dropping libvirt from
    ginger, for more details will get in touch with Daniel through ML
    (jkatta, 13:29:56)
  * [wok/ginger/gingers390x] jkatta will update spec files to create
    rpms for KVMIBM  (jkatta, 13:31:06)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:36:33)
  * [wok] lcorreia WokMessage feature backend V1, V2, V3 to ML
    (alinefm, 13:50:28)
  * [wok] lcorreia sent Asynchronous Notifications backend V1, V2 to ML
    (alinefm, 13:50:29)
  * [wok] lcorreia is working on adding a callback to notification close
    button to destroy the notification which is required to finish
    Asynchronous Notifications UI part  (alinefm, 13:50:29)
  * [wok] will use WokMessage to add translation to User Request Log
    messages  (alinefm, 13:50:29)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia will use Asynchronous Notifications and Libvirt
    Events to handle libvirt event ENOSPC  (alinefm, 13:50:29)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia will work on Kimchi issue #812  (alinefm,
    13:50:31)



Meeting ended at 13:50:52 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (88)
* samhenri (34)
* rotru (27)
* pvital (15)
* atreyee (4)
* ramonn (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* jkatta (2)
* ziviani (2)
* danielhb (2)
* chandra (1)
* suresh (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4