<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:20 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2.2 Plan</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Open Discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:56)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">2.1 Plan</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>, 13:02:59)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">2.2 dates:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/wiki/planning-2.2</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">All plugins (Kimchi, GingerBase and Ginger) use
    the same dates from Wok</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-16'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2.2 release will be announced on Jun 24</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ToDo Lists:</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Wok:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/wiki/Todo-2.2</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Kimchi:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-2.2</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-20'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Ginger:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/ginger/wiki/Todo-2.2</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-21'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- GingerBase:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/gingerbase/wiki/Todo-2.2</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-22'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:08)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-99'>alinefm</a>, 13:25:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-100'>alinefm</a>,
    13:25:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani sent patch to fix issue with
    "view vnc" link and is working to fix issue with templates from
    existing images</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-102'>ziviani</a>,
    13:25:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] samhenri currently working on wok.list.js
    to support multiple selection in Debug Reports and Repositories,
    already working with keyboard navigation and small screen
    support</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-103'>samhenri</a>,
    13:26:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] samhenri fixed environment issues with
    OVS support, currently paused OVS panel development until Debug
    Reports / wok.list is done</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-104'>samhenri</a>,
    13:26:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn sent v3 of "use a single entry
    for create templates"</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-105'>ramonn</a>,
    13:27:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] sureshab working on user management
    bugs and profile enhancements</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-106'>suresh</a>,
    13:27:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn investigating bug
    #135859</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-107'>ramonn</a>,
    13:27:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] pvital submitted the V5 (and was
    committed) of patch-set to solve issue #9 - Update selected
    packages</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-108'>pvital</a>,
    13:27:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital is working on a solution to
    issue #817 - Add Events support to PCI attach/deattach</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-109'>pvital</a>,
    13:27:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted the patch "Add
    support to Libvirt Events."</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-110'>pvital</a>,
    13:27:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-111'>pvital</a>,
    13:27:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[gingerbase] samhenri made some changes in
    Debug Reports and Repositories in gingerbase.host-dashboard.js and
    gingerbase.host-update.js to work with new wok.list.js changes. Took
    some points from the acessibility issues and already provided some
    changes that may enhance user experience but a proper new
    acessibility test is probably required</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-112'>samhenri</a>,
    13:27:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] peterpennings currently working on
    'Disable Template when it has invalid parameters and add a mouse
    hover message' task</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-113'>samhenri</a>,
    13:27:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] atreyee raised issues for
    accessibility with respect to keyboard navigation,focus and
    sequence</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-114'>atreyee</a>,
    13:28:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[gingerbase] atreyee raised issues for
    accessibility with respect to keyboard navigation,focus and
    sequence</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-115'>atreyee</a>,
    13:28:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] rotru Fixed memory value returned from
    backend: (current memory + memory devices);</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-116'>rotru</a>,
    13:29:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] rotru changed UI to check memory
    values before send request;</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-117'>rotru</a>,
    13:29:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] rotru Fixed Issue #861 - Sent patch to
    recognize latest CentOS version;</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-118'>rotru</a>,
    13:29:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] danielhb is working in the new
    'services' backend</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-119'>danielhb</a>,
    13:29:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] jkatta will start investigation on
    dropping libvirt from ginger, for more details will get in touch
    with Daniel through ML</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-120'>jkatta</a>,
    13:29:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/ginger/gingers390x] jkatta will update
    spec files to create rpms for KVMIBM</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-123'>jkatta</a>,
    13:31:06)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-135'>alinefm</a>, 13:36:33)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia WokMessage feature backend V1,
    V2, V3 to ML</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-175'>alinefm</a>,
    13:50:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia sent Asynchronous Notifications
    backend V1, V2 to ML</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-176'>alinefm</a>,
    13:50:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia is working on adding a callback
    to notification close button to destroy the notification which is
    required to finish Asynchronous Notifications UI part</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-177'>alinefm</a>,
    13:50:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] will use WokMessage to add translation to
    User Request Log messages</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-178'>alinefm</a>,
    13:50:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia will use Asynchronous
    Notifications and Libvirt Events to handle libvirt event
    ENOSPC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-179'>alinefm</a>,
    13:50:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia will work on Kimchi issue
    #812</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html#l-180'>alinefm</a>,
    13:50:31)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:50:52 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-03-30-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (88)</li>
  <li>samhenri (34)</li>
  <li>rotru (27)</li>
  <li>pvital (15)</li>
  <li>atreyee (4)</li>
  <li>ramonn (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>jkatta (2)</li>
  <li>ziviani (2)</li>
  <li>danielhb (2)</li>
  <li>chandra (1)</li>
  <li>suresh (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
