<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb 10 13:00:34 2016 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">scrum</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">1) Status</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:03:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> nopo
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> *nop
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:03:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> let's get started
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:03:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Kimchi] pvital is still working in issue #817</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Kimchi] submitted patches: "Fix error message for IOMMU configuration." and "Add python-pillow as RPM dependency."</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger] [Gingerbase] [GingerS390x] pvital reviewed patches</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:03:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] alinefm sent patches to verify IBM license header and copyright date on make check-local</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:04:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] alinefm removed legacy widgets code</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:04:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ziviani&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] ziviani sent patch (serial web console) for review</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:04:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Ginger] ramonn working on bug about tuned service link on rpm installation</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:04:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] alinefm sent patch to fix server redirection on resource update</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:04:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhiram18&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info[Ginger] </span><span class="cmdline">worked on issues #139,#141,#163</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ziviani&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] reviewed code</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] lcorreia sent to ML RFC for user activity log functionality</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] lcorreia will start implementation of user activity log functionality</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] lcorreia got backend feature upstream: include option to specify max_vcpu and current_vcpu separately per guest/template</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] lcorreia working on fixing VLAN handling for bridged networks in backend</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] lcorreia will work to handle notifications for host ENOSPC from libvirt in kimchi backend</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:05:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ziviani&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] ziviani applied code review to serial webconsole and sent for review again</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:07:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, rotru anything else?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:08:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> alinefm,  yes
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] [kimchi] danielhb reviewed patches</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:08:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger*] danielhb reviewed patches and pushed them upstream</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:09:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhiram18&gt;</span> daniel ginger* , nice one :)
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:09:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chandra&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">sent patches on help content to reflect the latest UI for Ginger/GingerBase</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;WalterNik&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">WalterNik [wok] [Ginger] [Gingerbase] [GingerS390x] Trying to get some understanding on UI accessabilty requirements</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:09:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">rotru [kimchi] I am changing now the KIMCHI API to expose memory and maxmemory as  memory: { current: , maxmemory} . There are lots of changes in the tests.  I will also have to rebase my code with latest code of maxcpus.... still need more time</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:10:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;chandra&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">sent patch for having libvirtd service start first if ginger installed</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">rotru Reviewed/Tested maxmemory UI patch</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:13:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> can we move on?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:13:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lagarcia&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:13:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:13:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lagarcia&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Open Discussion</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:13:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any other topic for today?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:14:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> nothing to discuss!
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:14:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> pvital, heheh
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:14:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:14:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I have one topic
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> about the scrum meeting time
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:14:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I have discussed with WalterNik and chandra to do it one hour earlier
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so 10AM (BRT/BRST)
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:14:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> what do you think about it?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> agree
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:15:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> i prefer at 11 AM BRST, but if it's better for them, no problem
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:15:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> I'm ok with 10am
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:16:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;WalterNik&gt;</span> alinefm, the earlier slot is better for me, just wondering if we have any us folks ?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lagarcia&gt;</span> WalterNik, this time is bad for US folks already... so changing to an earlier time might not make any difference for them now :)
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> WalterNik, at least, usually no US folks attend this meeting
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;WalterNik&gt;</span> alinefm, ok then we can go for the earlier slot :-) from my point of view
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:18:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lagarcia&gt;</span> alinefm, I might want to suggest as well that you set the meeting time in UTC. That each one can track their eventual daylight saving times by theirselves :)
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lagarcia&gt;</span> s/That each/That way each/
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> lagarcia, ok - I can do that
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I will send an appropriate note to the ML later today
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> thanks, guys!
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:19:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> are we done for today?
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:19:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;WalterNik&gt;</span> alinefm, thank you for making our life easier :-)
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:19:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> thanks everyone for joining!
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:19:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
