<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:17 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:06)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>, 13:04:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patches to enable storage volume
    upload on UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-10'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm updated the .po files for 1.5
    release</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-11'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm is now testing Kimchi and working on
    bug fixes</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">vianac testing Kimchi on Fedora 22 and filling
    up the test matrix; reviewed patches on the mailing list; will
    translate the new strings for pt_BR;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-13'>vianac</a>,
    13:05:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">alinefm needs
    to update the po files in the Transifex</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru Sent patches to enable guest memory
    hotplug</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-15'>rotru</a>,
    13:05:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">danielhb sent YUM API replacement
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-16'>danielhb</a>,
    13:05:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">danielhb reviewed a handful of patches in
    Kimchi ML.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-17'>danielhb</a>,
    13:05:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru Sent patches to enable UI of disk format
    selection in Template edit screen</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-18'>rotru</a>,
    13:06:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru Working in fixes for some tests</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-20'>rotru</a>,
    13:08:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>, 13:09:15)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">ramonn working on review for fix make
    install</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-36'>ramonn</a>,
    13:12:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ramonn investigating why debian is not being
    installed on pkvm</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-38'>ramonn</a>,
    13:12:47)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ramonn will
    do the tests on RHEL for 1.5 release</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html#l-59'>alinefm</a>,
    13:16:20)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:19:14 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2015-06-10-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm needs to update the po files in the Transifex</li>
  <li>ramonn will do the tests on RHEL for 1.5 release</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> alinefm <ol>
    <li>alinefm needs to update the po files in the Transifex</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ramonn <ol>
    <li>ramonn will do the tests on RHEL for 1.5 release</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (41)</li>
  <li>danielhb (13)</li>
  <li>ramonn (4)</li>
  <li>rotru (4)</li>
  <li>vianac (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
