===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:17 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:02:56)
* 1) Plans for next release  (alinefm, 13:02:56)
* 2) Status  (alinefm, 13:02:56)
* 3) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:56)
* Plans for next release  (alinefm, 13:04:01)
  * Schedule for next release:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/wiki/Planning-2.3  (alinefm,
    13:04:29)
  * All the 4 projects (wok, kimchi, ginger and ginger base) will follow
    these dates  (alinefm, 13:04:47)
  * Wok and Kimchi 2.3  (alinefm, 13:05:05)
  * Ginger 2.3  (alinefm, 13:05:09)
  * Ginger Base 2.2.1 if no new features are planned for that, otherwise
    2.3. I am still discussing that with danielhb  (alinefm, 13:05:36)

* Status  (alinefm, 13:08:49)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:08:50)
  * [*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb, 13:09:11)
  * [kimchi] danielhb fixed a couple of Kimchi bugs  (danielhb,
    13:09:24)
  * [Ginger] peterpennings is working on improvements on Configuration
    Backup UI  (peterpennings, 13:09:34)
  * [Kimchi] danielhb is finishing the dreaded Virt Viewer Launch
    feature  (danielhb, 13:09:40)
  * [wok] samhenri sent patch containing Datatables.net and Moment.JS
    (samhenri, 13:09:47)
  * [ginger] samhenri sent some mockups for Ginger sidebar to Wok
    mailing list as it would require changes in Wok JS files  (samhenri,
    13:09:51)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:09:54)
  * [Wok] pvital is investigating some performance issues in wokd (high
    CPU consumption when idle)  (pvital, 13:09:55)
  * [ginger] samhenri currently working on Global Network Configuration
    redesign  (samhenri, 13:10:00)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is improving the device attachment code to handle
    libvirt events  (ziviani, 13:10:21)
  * [ginger] bianca Investigated issue related to "Deleting
    Configuration Backup file(created using ginger) in command line is
    not reflecting back in the UI." After some discussion, we thought
    maybe would be good to include headers in tar files (using tar
    pax_headers). Due to compatibility issues in old versions, best
    solution is compare backup dir with system database to check which
    files has been added and deleted in the backup directory. Working on
    (bianca, 13:10:34)
  * [ginger] bianca Also got another bug related to backup files, if the
    back up times out and the the tar is not good then the file needs to
    be removed from back up directory.  (bianca, 13:10:35)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is working on issues with multi-function hotplug
    (ziviani, 13:10:54)
  * [wok] lcorreia sent V1 of run_command improvements for firmware
    update  (lcorreia, 13:11:49)
  * [ginger] lcorreia sent V1 of firmware update backend/UI improvements
    (lcorreia, 13:11:49)
  * [ginger] lcorreia sent V1 of firmware update failure UI improvements
    (lcorreia, 13:11:49)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:18:06)



Meeting ended at 13:21:20 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (35)
* samhenri (8)
* pvital (5)
* ziviani (4)
* danielhb (4)
* lcorreia (3)
* bianca (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* peterpennings (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4