===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:17 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-10-05-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:01:17)
* 1) Plans for next release  (alinefm, 13:01:36)
* 2) Status  (alinefm, 13:01:40)
* 3) Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:01:45)
* Plans for next release  (alinefm, 13:04:15)
  *
    http://lists.ovirt.org/pipermail/kimchi-devel/2016-September/016736.html
    (alinefm, 13:04:20)
  * The focus will be on 2.3.1 release (stable-2.3.x branch) to be
    announced on Dec 16th  (alinefm, 13:05:08)
  * In addition to it, any new content available on master branch will
    be part of 2.4-Beta release at the same date  (alinefm, 13:05:32)
  * ACTION: alinefm creates next release plan wiki with all the
    important dates  (alinefm, 13:06:18)
  * I also want to thank you all for the great job on 2.3 releases!
    (alinefm, 13:06:59)

* Status  (alinefm, 13:09:05)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:09:06)
  * [kimchi] alinefm sent patches to fix issues #521 and #1019
    (alinefm, 13:10:23)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia working on PCI device detach issue  (lcorreia,
    13:10:47)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia fixed issue 974  (lcorreia, 13:10:48)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
    (lcorreia, 13:10:48)
  * [kimchi][wok] alinefm worked on 2.3 releases; updated github.io
    pages and announced the release  (alinefm, 13:11:16)
  * [ginger] danielhb fixed an issue with Ginger RPM and tuned
    (danielhb, 13:11:18)
  * [kimchi] danielhb will take a look into some live migration issues
    (danielhb, 13:11:34)
  * [ginger] sent RFC about listing kernel modules  (ramonn, 13:12:22)
  * [*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:14:56)
  * [*] pvital has been working on Kimchi Issue #733 to support the
    usage of relative paths/URLs  (pvital, 13:15:44)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:17:21)



Meeting ended at 13:21:10 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* alinefm
  * alinefm creates next release plan wiki with all the important dates



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (25)
* lcorreia (5)
* pvital (4)
* danielhb (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* ramonn (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4