<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:10:32 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-5'>alinefm</a>,
    13:10:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>, 13:11:57)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-10'>alinefm</a>,
    13:11:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ziviani fixed gingerbase issue gingerbase
    #8</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-11'>ziviani</a>,
    13:12:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ziviani fixed gingerbase issue kimchi #781 and
    #782</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-12'>ziviani</a>,
    13:12:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ziviani tested new Kimchi (and opened new
    bugs)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-13'>ziviani</a>,
    13:12:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ziviani reviewed code</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-14'>ziviani</a>,
    13:12:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ziviani is working on bugs</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-15'>ziviani</a>,
    13:12:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm separated wok and gingerbase into new
    git repositories and properly configured git-submodule on wok</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-16'>alinefm</a>,
    13:12:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm working on bug fixes</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:13:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">chandra trying to create a network tab and
    design the pages as per the mockups shared in the community for
    ginger</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-18'>chandra</a>,
    13:13:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm is currently working on new navigation
    issues</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:13:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital is working on Ginger community's issue
    #051.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-20'>pvital_</a>,
    13:13:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital submitted patchset to fix Kimchi
    testcases errors on Fedora 23. Will submit V2 for some of them
    ASAP.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-21'>pvital_</a>,
    13:13:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital investigated the Wok community's issues
    #001 and #002.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-22'>pvital_</a>,
    13:13:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital reviewed some patches from Wok, Kimchi,
    Ginger Base and Ginger.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-23'>pvital_</a>,
    13:13:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">reviewed some of the patches in the
    community</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-24'>chandra</a>,
    13:14:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">samhenri fixing #770, #772, #773, #783 and
    #784</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-25'>samhenri</a>,
    13:14:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alteodoro Working on the Templates screen
    filter</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-28'>alteodoro</a>,
    13:14:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">danielhb reviewed patches related to Live
    Migration UI and others</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-29'>danielhb</a>,
    13:15:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ramonn having some issue to lookup for
    storagepool and storagevolumes at kimchi/vmtemplate.py</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-31'>ramonn</a>,
    13:15:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lucio worked on some fixes for kimchi: show
    network type correctly, UI tweaks for Linux bridge and OVS support,
    OVS command output handling fix, RPM build version error</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-34'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:16:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lucio worked on some fixes for ginger: support
    to dnf in repositories/package update, inclusion of python-apt dep
    for Ubuntu</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-35'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:16:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lucio reported issue #788</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-36'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:16:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lucio working on making Ginger noarch and
    general RPM build issues for wok and all plugins</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-37'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:16:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lucio will work on issues after that</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-38'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:16:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ramonn working on a feature to identify
    installation media. Have success on identify media, but need to
    create some logic to identify disk pool</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-40'>ramonn</a>,
    13:16:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ramonn will look how to do this by libvirt
    api</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-41'>ramonn</a>,
    13:16:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">WalterNik reviewed networking, storage and zIO
    UI proposal for ginger and gingers390x</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-42'>WalterNik</a>,
    13:18:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lucio fixed issue 766 - define network
    interface on libvirt</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-43'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:18:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru Finished patchset (v9) that support
    multiple disks in Templates, including scripting to update
    objectstore, remotion of 'storagepool' tag from backend, update of
    lots of tests and other fixes. Patches were committed, thanks
    alinefm for the help;</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-45'>rotru</a>,
    13:20:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru Sent patch to fix to Issue #753: Avoid
    store max_memory in Templates records;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-46'>rotru</a>,
    13:20:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru Sent patches to upstream to change Memory
    Management: Set memory hard_limit / Set max_memory to 4*Memory / Set
    max_memory limit to 1TB.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-47'>rotru</a>,
    13:21:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru Working in Issue: #700</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-48'>rotru</a>,
    13:21:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru Tested some parts of new UI and opened
    some bugs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-53'>rotru</a>,
    13:23:07)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html#l-64'>alinefm</a>, 13:27:29)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:32:21 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (32)</li>
  <li>ziviani (9)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (9)</li>
  <li>samhenri (7)</li>
  <li>pvital_ (6)</li>
  <li>rotru (6)</li>
  <li>chandra (5)</li>
  <li>ramonn (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>alteodoro (2)</li>
  <li>WalterNik (2)</li>
  <li>danielhb (1)</li>
  <li>lagarcia (1)</li>
  <li>jcbmna (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
