===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 12:00:33 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-12-07-12.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 12:00:41)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 12:00:41)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 12:00:41)
* Status  (alinefm, 12:02:45)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 12:02:45)
  * [Ginger] danielhb fixed a couple of issues found during the tests
    (danielhb, 12:02:56)
  * [kimchi] alinefm sent patch to recognize openSUSE isos  (alinefm,
    12:03:04)
  * [*] bianca is working on Fedora 25 release tests (already tested
    Ginger, Gingerbase and Wok).  (bianca, 12:03:20)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia running 2.3.1/2.2.2 tests on Ubuntu
    16.10  (lcorreia, 12:03:56)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia submitted packages to Debian/Ubuntu
    and created ITP and RFS for each one  (lcorreia, 12:03:56)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
    (lcorreia, 12:03:56)
  * [kimchi/ginger] lcorreia got some small bugfixes upstream
    (lcorreia, 12:05:01)
  * [*] ramonn finished tests  (ramonn, 12:06:29)
  * [ginger] ramon sent bond patch for review  (ramonn, 12:06:44)
  * [wok] got issue about check_ui_code_errors  (ramonn, 12:07:03)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 12:11:51)



Meeting ended at 12:15:35 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (19)
* lcorreia (8)
* ramonn (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* danielhb (2)
* bianca (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4