13:10:26 <alinefm> #startmeeting
13:10:26 <kimchi-bot> Meeting started Wed Mar  1 13:10:26 2017 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:10:26 <kimchi-bot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:10:26 <alinefm> #meetingname scrum
13:10:26 <kimchi-bot> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
13:10:55 <alinefm> #info Agenda
13:10:55 <alinefm> #info 1) Status
13:10:55 <alinefm> #info 2) Open discussion
13:10:55 <alinefm> anything else?
13:11:40 <alinefm> danielhb, lcorreia ramonn ^
13:12:11 <danielhb> no
13:16:30 <alinefm> so let's get started
13:16:31 <alinefm> #info Agenda
13:16:35 <alinefm> #info 1) Status
13:16:35 <alinefm> #info 2) Open discussion
13:16:35 <alinefm> anything else?
13:16:36 <alinefm> ops....
13:16:44 <alinefm> #topic Status
13:16:46 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project] <nickname> <status>
13:17:45 <danielhb> #info [wok] danielhb working in the second version of the websocket contribution
13:17:59 <alinefm> #info [ginger*] alinefm was about to move Updates tab from Ginger Base to Ginger but identified that it may full the second level navigation bar, so now she is working on get the sidebar menu up and running
13:18:18 <alinefm> #info [ginger] alinefm has rebased Samuel's patch about the sidebar and will work on  fixing issues e etc
13:18:35 <alinefm> danielhb, do you think we will be able to get it upstream by the end of this week?
13:19:00 <danielhb> alinefm, I'll try but there are a lot of changes. we'll see
13:19:12 <alinefm> just wondering if we will need to postpone the code freeze to get it in or not
13:19:12 <alinefm> danielhb, any idea?
13:19:37 <danielhb> alinefm, code freeze is last week, right?
13:19:40 <danielhb> alinefm, sorry, next week
13:20:02 <alinefm> danielhb, originally it would be this Friday
13:20:23 <alinefm> but I am OK to postpone it to next week to get the async notification in this release
13:20:45 <ramonn> #info [kimchi] sent patch about disk performance settings to review
13:20:49 <danielhb> alinefm, I think it's safer to postpone it. we can't count on that the v2 will be the final version
13:21:06 <ramonn> #info [kimchi] ramonn will continue task investigating issues when changing disk bus
13:21:12 <ramonn> #info [kimchi] ramonn sent patch about disk performance settings to review
13:21:31 <ramonn> #info [wok] ramonn talking with cherrypy community about logs on console
13:22:42 <lcorreia> #info [wok/kimchi/gingerbase] lcorreia got upstream patches for running Wok tests without root permission
13:22:42 <lcorreia> #info [ginger] lcorreia sent patches for running tests without root permission
13:22:42 <lcorreia> #info [kimchi/ginger] lcorreia working on running tests without root permission
13:22:42 <lcorreia> #info [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
13:22:44 <alinefm> danielhb, ok - sounds good
13:23:33 <alinefm> anything else, team?
13:23:59 <lcorreia> no
13:24:34 <alinefm> #topic Open Discussion
13:24:57 <alinefm> #info Code freeze for next release (2.4) will be on Mar 10
13:25:28 <alinefm> #info All the new features must be upstream on time otherwise it will be postpone to the Aug release
13:25:34 <alinefm> danielhb, lcorreia ramonn ^
13:25:42 <alinefm> and any other topic for today?
13:25:45 <lcorreia> alinefm, ok
13:26:28 <ramonn> ok
13:26:38 <ramonn> no topic
13:27:01 <danielhb> alinefm, I want to mention that, due to the code freeze, I don't think it'll be feasible to push any gingerbase features upstream
13:27:33 <danielhb> alinefm, I'll send a RFC to the ginger ML about the host terminal anyways, but the deadline is too short for it now
13:28:58 <alinefm> danielhb, as we have one more week, I plan to send the sidebar patch till this week and work to move the Updates tab to Ginger
13:29:24 <danielhb> alinefm, wait, *that* sidebar patch ?
13:29:34 <alinefm> danielhb, the ginger one
13:29:49 <danielhb> alinefm, do you think you can manage to do it? It has the potential to break a lot of things in ginger UI lol
13:29:58 <alinefm> hehehe
13:30:20 <alinefm> danielhb, yeap! I have some considerations and if you agree I can send the patch till this week
13:30:35 <danielhb> alinefm, actually , aside from WoK, do we need new releases? Perhaps Kimchi had new features going upstream?
13:31:14 <alinefm> danielhb, I know, for example, the idea is to have every single tab section as a entry in the sidebar but for now, I was thinking in only have one entry on sidebar for each tab we have today
13:31:19 <alinefm> danielhb, do you agree on that?
13:31:33 <alinefm> after that, we can work to separate every section in a sidebar entry
13:31:47 <alinefm> danielhb, yeap! kimchi has new features upstream
13:32:30 <alinefm> the first step (one sidebar entry for each tab we have today) I can do for this week based on Samuel's patch
13:34:58 <danielhb> alinefm, TBH I would rather ask you to go ahead and implement a preview, then we can discuss on top of that
13:35:21 <danielhb> alinefm, I'll probably agree with it, perhaps propose some tweaks and so on
13:36:37 <alinefm> danielhb, ok! I will send a patch soon as RFC to get agreement on it
13:36:47 <alinefm> and maybe get it upstream for this release
13:36:49 <alinefm> danielhb, thanks
13:37:07 <danielhb> alinefm, let's call it [RFC patch]
13:37:25 <danielhb> alinefm, it's common in some communities like qemu
13:37:45 <alinefm> ok
13:37:57 <alinefm> any other topic for today?
13:39:29 <danielhb> alinefm, I have a rant but it's IBM specific :P
13:40:06 <alinefm> ok - we can talk later about that hehe
13:40:11 <alinefm> thanks everyone for joining!
13:40:14 <alinefm> #endmeeting