<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:11 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:27)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 13:04:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is investigating some performance
    issues in wokd (high CPU consumption when idle)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted patch "Updates to
    support Fedora 24 and new distros"</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-16'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital worked on build distro
    (Fedora23, openSUSE Leap 42.1 and Ubuntu 16.04) images with Kimchi
    2.2 installed and configured.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital opened JIRA
    issue against oVirt Infrastructure team requesting support to
    repository service</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] peterpennings is working on SAN
    Adapters redesign</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-19'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:04:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] samhenri is working on Global Network
    Configuration redesign</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-20'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:04:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok][Kimchi] socorro Tested/Reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-21'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb reviewed and applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-22'>danielhb_</a>,
    13:04:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] socorro Sent v2 of SR-IOV patch that
    takes care of 2 issues but</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] socorro didn't do i18n per Daniel's
    feedback due to it being more</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-24'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] socorro involved; just changed button
    "Ok" to "OK". Awaiting</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-25'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] socorro approval</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-26'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro Wrote 2 kimchi github issues
    that I came across when</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-27'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro testing patches - issues# 969,
    970</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-28'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger*] danielhb worked in the 2.2 community
    release</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-29'>danielhb_</a>,
    13:05:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi][wok] alinefm worked for 2.2
    releases</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-30'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] danielhb worked in a couple of
    fixes</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-31'>danielhb_</a>,
    13:05:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] ziviani returned from vacation</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-32'>ziviani</a>,
    13:05:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] bianca working on a bug related to
    deleting configuration backup file in command line and not
    reflecting back in the UI. Investigating possible solutions.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-33'>bianca</a>,
    13:06:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] lcorreia got patches upstream to make sure
    log of failed requests does not break on requests with missing
    parameters</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-34'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia got upstream fix for issue 100 -
    log failed user requests</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-35'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia is working on run_command
    improvements</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-36'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] lcorreia is working on firmware update
    improvements</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-37'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">, chandra working on audit pages ...</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-42'>chandra</a>,
    13:10:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">reviewed ginger/gingers390x patches</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-44'>chandra</a>,
    13:11:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] rotru fixed problem to load wok when
    libvirt service is not running. The code to register libvirt events
    was breaking Wok start up.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-45'>rotru_</a>,
    13:12:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi]  rotru is working to fix the memory
    hot plug code in order to support guests xmls with tags MEMORY
    different of CURRENTMEMORY</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-47'>rotru_</a>,
    13:13:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html#l-55'>alinefm</a>, 13:16:09)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 14:13:55 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-06-29-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (75)</li>
  <li>chandra (51)</li>
  <li>samhenri (21)</li>
  <li>danielhb (10)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (6)</li>
  <li>rotru_ (6)</li>
  <li>pvital (5)</li>
  <li>danielhb_ (4)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (4)</li>
  <li>ziviani (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>bianca (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
