<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:06 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:33)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 13:03:04)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patch to fix logrotate issue on
    user log activity</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">kimchi samhenri currently working on Storage
    Volume management v6</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-15'>samhenri</a>,
    13:03:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patch to set serial session
    timeout the same of wok session timeout</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-16'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital submitted patch "Log error when
    using tee arg on run_command."</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-17'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] pvital submitted patch-set "Power
    Firmware Update fixes"</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-18'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] pvital submitted patch "Print
    capabilities when environment is dev"</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-19'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is investigating some performance
    issues in wokd (high CPU consumption when idle)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-20'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is working on Kimchi issue #78
    (actually a Wok issue) - make async task stoppable</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-21'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-22'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[gingerbase] peterpennings is working on some
    improvements and corrections on selected packages</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-23'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:04:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb reviewed and applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-24'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger]  danielhb finished SR-IOV fixes</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-25'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia got upstream patch for
    handling libvirt event ENOSPC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-26'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia sent V1 to fix vm name
    conflicts after snapshots are created</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-27'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia working to fix broken tests
    in V2 of fix vm name conflicts after snapshots are created</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-28'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] rotru  modified notification backend,
    exposing delete notification function and fixing issues in get
    function</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-30'>rotru</a>,
    13:08:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] rotru found and fixed a problem when
    starting Kimchi from command line and Libvirt service is not
    running. Sent fixes to avoid errors and allow kimchi start
    flawlessly, then restore itself when libvirt service is back</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-31'>rotru</a>,
    13:10:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] rotru Sent patches to fix problems
    with notifications alerts in window tabs. Notifications were not
    persistent among tabs or were displayed more than once. [patch is in
    v2 but was not accepted yet due to discussions about best approach
    (like use browser notifications)]</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-32'>rotru</a>,
    13:12:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] rotru finished and sent V1 of basic
    Plugins Manager feature. [alinefm reviewed and there are changes to
    do. I will send a v2 soon]</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-33'>rotru</a>,
    13:14:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn merged patch about spec
    guideline compliant</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-39'>ramonn</a>,
    13:17:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] ramonn investigating issues with login
    when network is down</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-42'>ramonn</a>,
    13:17:52)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-46'>alinefm</a>, 13:19:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://vimeo.com/166812597">https://vimeo.com/166812597</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-100'>samhenri</a>,
    13:42:57)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://vimeo.com/166812599">https://vimeo.com/166812599</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-102'>samhenri</a>,
    13:43:05)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://vimeo.com/166812605">https://vimeo.com/166812605</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html#l-103'>samhenri</a>,
    13:43:09)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 14:16:03 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (76)</li>
  <li>danielhb (48)</li>
  <li>samhenri (42)</li>
  <li>rotru (35)</li>
  <li>pvital (7)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>ramonn (2)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
