<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:47 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:56)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>, 13:05:22)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb reviewed and applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-16'>danielhb</a>,
    13:05:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] danielhb is working in user removal
    enhancements</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-17'>danielhb</a>,
    13:05:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] lcorreia sent RFC and V1 patches/working on
    V2 patches for Wok issue #141</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-18'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia working to fix plugin uri lookup
    for user log</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-19'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn working on "integrety: storage
    pool deactivate/undefine needs to consider vm usage #355"</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-20'>ramonn</a>,
    13:05:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] bianca submitted a patch to issue #860
    - Support Guest Autostart.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-21'>bianca</a>,
    13:05:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] bianca is working on issue #626 -
    Snapshot revert does not release storage volume. Investigating the
    problem and possible solutions.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-22'>bianca</a>,
    13:05:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] peterpennings is working on file
    systems redesign</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-23'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:06:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-24'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital worked with
    oVirt team to use their infra-structure to automatically build
    packages andÂ images of our projects (in hold).</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-25'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is working in issue #122 - Make
    AsyncTask stoppable</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-26'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is working in issue #158 - Move
    AsyncTask information to memory</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-27'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital helped user with issue #980 -
    cannot save permission setting for VM</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-28'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted patch to issue #982 -
    make check failing on fedora 24.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-29'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital helped user with issue #983 -
    creating a snapsht w/wok-kimchi</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-30'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital helped user with issue #988 -
    Not able to load kimchi plugin</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-31'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] pvital submitted patch to update
    documentation with new required packages - part of solution to issue
    #386</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-32'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] samhenri fixing some minor bugs with Wok
    and Datatables SCSS/CSS in order to send patch for Redesigned
    Network Panels (Ginger)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-33'>samhenri</a>,
    13:06:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] jkatta Working on backend code
    implementation for Audit and Auditdispatcher, soon will be sending
    pacthes for the same</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-34'>jkatta</a>,
    13:06:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] samhenri polishing some minor issues
    with the redesigned network panel and removing legacy code</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-35'>samhenri</a>,
    13:06:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">, chandra working on supporting Kimchi on s390x
    platform</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-37'>chandra</a>,
    13:09:10)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-40'>alinefm</a>, 13:10:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/blob/master/docs/troubleshooting.md#selinux">https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/blob/master/docs/troubleshooting.md#selinux</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-158'>alinefm</a>,
    13:25:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Just a reminder that 2.3 code freeze phase
    starts next week which means only bug fixes will be accepted on
    master branch until the 2.3 announcement. New features will be
    merged into next branch as usual and merged into master when the
    announcement is made.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-176'>alinefm</a>,
    13:36:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] socorro More housekeeping done w/PCI
    bugzilla bugs and github issues</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-180'>alinefm</a>,
    13:43:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro v2 of patch sent out to ML for
    issue# 973; awaiting review</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-181'>alinefm</a>,
    13:43:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro Had some concerns about cpu
    hotplug fix that was applied</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-182'>alinefm</a>,
    13:43:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro recently; worked w/Ziviani and
    came to a resolution</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-183'>alinefm</a>,
    13:43:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro Looking into github issue#
    979</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html#l-184'>alinefm</a>,
    13:43:02)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:43:10 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>chandra (109)</li>
  <li>alinefm (43)</li>
  <li>pvital (11)</li>
  <li>samhenri (5)</li>
  <li>danielhb (4)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (3)</li>
  <li>archana (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>bianca (2)</li>
  <li>ramonn (1)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (1)</li>
  <li>jkatta (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
