===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 12:00:34 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 12:00:50)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 12:00:50)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 12:00:50)
* Status  (alinefm, 12:03:51)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 12:03:51)
  * [Kimchi] danielhb implemented RDMA support for Live Migration.
    danielhb will send patches to ML after testing them  (danielhb,
    12:04:07)
  * [Gingerbase] bianca is working on issue #138: Update selected
    packages only prevent user to switch tabs. Done, just testing
    css/js.  (bianca, 12:04:17)
  * [Ginger] bianca is working on feature request #517: Restore system
    backup.  (bianca, 12:04:17)
  * [ginger] ramonn need to resent issue #469 and #390  (ramonn,
    12:04:46)
  * [wok] ramonn debugging issue #160  (ramonn, 12:05:05)
  * [wok] lcorreia sent patch to not build-depend on firewalld
    (lcorreia, 12:06:37)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on new review comments for
    debian packaging  (lcorreia, 12:06:37)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia assessed what is needed to package
    javascript dependencies separated for debian  (lcorreia, 12:06:37)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia fixed Dec25th' review comments for
    debian packaging  (lcorreia, 12:06:37)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
    (lcorreia, 12:06:37)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 12:09:10)



Meeting ended at 12:12:42 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (20)
* lcorreia (6)
* ramonn (4)
* bianca (4)
* danielhb (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4