===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:03:53 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-11-25-13.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:04:12)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:05:29)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:05:29)
  * pvital is working to fix all kimchi and wok tests errors in Fedora
    23  (pvital, 13:05:52)
  * sureshab pushed patch for Issue 728 - Processor Info in s390
    architecture  (suresh, 13:06:30)
  * Archana Sent patch for FVT testcases base framework for review
    (Archana, 13:06:37)
  * sureshab is now working on ui changes for the same patch  (suresh,
    13:06:49)
  * alinefm sent some patches for gingerbase stabilization  (alinefm,
    13:08:54)
  * alinefm fixed some failing tests on Ubuntu 15.10  (alinefm,
    13:09:05)
  * alinefm sent patch to allow user creates a logical pool from
    existing VG  (alinefm, 13:09:24)
  * lucio sent V4 to fix tests for "Linux bridge support" feature
    (lcorreia, 13:09:33)
  * lucio sent V3 for "OVS Bridge recognition support"  (lcorreia,
    13:09:33)
  * lucio is working on issue 766  (lcorreia, 13:09:33)
  * rotru Sent V3 of "Memory 256MiB alignment and slots <= 0 for
    PowerPC"  (rotru, 13:13:48)
  * rotru Sent patches to fix README.md and to fix memory alignment to
    256 MiB in PPC  (rotru, 13:14:14)
  * rotru Finished and sent patchset of task "Memory hotplug: Allow user
    to setup max memory value" to Kimchi mailing list  (rotru, 13:14:32)
  * ziviani is working on  the 'Improve VM CPU update code' patch to
    send it for review upstream  (ziviani, 13:14:38)
  * danielhb pushed a handful of patches to fix test dependencies and
    Live migration backend  (danielhb, 13:14:47)
  * rotru Sent V3 of "Implement multiple disks support in Template edit
    window"  (rotru, 13:15:01)
  * alteodoro Applying the new ui at SEP Configuration (Admin tab)
    (alteodoro, 13:15:27)
  * rebasing edit guests patch  (samhenri, 13:15:29)
  * WalterNik finalzed the details on the s390 specific usecases for FCP
    (WalterNik, 13:16:58)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:19:23)
  * , chandra implementing split the host tab functionality into
    "Dashboard" and "Updates"  (chandra, 13:29:16)



Meeting ended at 13:53:34 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (62)
* WalterNik (21)
* chandra (13)
* samhenri (9)
* lcorreia (4)
* rotru (4)
* pvital (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* danielhb (2)
* suresh (2)
* ziviani (1)
* alteodoro (1)
* Archana (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4