===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:03:25 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-05-13-13.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:03:38)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:05:21)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:05:22)
  * ziviani sent [PATCH 0/5] View/Edit guest MAC address to review
    (ziviani, 13:05:55)
  * ziviani is applying the code review  (ziviani, 13:05:55)
  * alinefm resent the storage volume upload patches to ML as royce will
    be out on next weeks  (alinefm, 13:05:55)
  * alinefm is now working on UI to storage volume upload  (alinefm,
    13:06:07)
  * vianac sent another revision of patch to replace storage volume
    ref_cnt with used_by; updated documentation of suspend/resume
    actions; working on issue #78; reviewed patches on the mailing list
    (vianac, 13:06:38)
  * rotru sent a patch to fix bug in new template config schema  (rotru,
    13:08:45)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:11:34)



Meeting ended at 13:20:35 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (26)
* ziviani (4)
* lagarcia (4)
* rotru (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* vianac (2)
* danielhb (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4