<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jun  8 13:02:01 2016 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">scrum</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:02:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:02:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">1) Status</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:02:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:02:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:04:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so let's get started
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:04:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:04:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:04:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] socorro v2 of Edit Virtual Network was applied upstream</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:04:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] socorro Addressed issues based on feedback for mem hotplug bug; Sent v2</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:04:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] socorro to ML, addressed questions after that and awaiting response</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:04:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] socorro to see whether or not there needs to be any more adjustments</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:04:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] socorro Included in the patch was a fix to github issue#  941.</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] socorro Followed up on some bugzillas/todos/github issues.</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:04:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] socorro Currently looking at github issue#:  799 - Gallery/List view:</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] socorro Remember user selection when switching tabs</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:05:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;peterpennings&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info[*] </span><span class="cmdline">peterpennings and samhenri are working in some bug fixes.</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:05:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] lcorreia sent V2 to fix vm name conflicts after snapshots are created</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:05:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] lcorreia sent V1 for issues 100, 102, 105 - add IP address and timezone to user log</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:05:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] lcorreia working on issue 100 - log failed user requests</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:05:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Wok] pvital sent RFC to issue #122 - Make AsyncTask stoppable (no feedback until now)</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ Kimchi] pvital submitted patch Clean FEATURETEST_VM effectively.</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Wok] pvital is working on use NGINX from system instead of run a new server.</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Wok] pvital is investigating some performance issues in wokd (high CPU consumption when idle)</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:06:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Ginger] danielhb fixed a RPM issue yesterday</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:06:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Kimchi]  danielhb fixed an UI problem in the Storage Pool select in the Edit Template window</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:06:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok][kimchi] alinefm reviewed and applied patches</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:06:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Kimchi] danielhb is now investigating feature https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/944</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:09:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Wok] rotru sent V2 of Plugins Manager</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:10:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Wok] rotru fixed Sample plugin</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] [kimchi] [gingerbase] send patch to fix functions with default values</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:10:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] [kimchi] [gingerbase] ramonn send patch to fix functions with default values</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] ramonn add message at login page when server is not responding</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:11:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] ramonn send patch "make kimchi able to change bootorder". Need to send v2 after rotru review</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else, guys?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:12:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] [ginger] [gingerbase] minor changes in plugin configuration file</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:15:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ok...
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:15:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> moving on
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Open Discussion</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:16:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;peterpennings&gt;</span> Can anyone help samhenri with this issue? https://github.com/kimchi-project/ginger/issues/320
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:16:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ramonn, could you provide the information to samuel ^ ?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:16:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> alinefm, yeap
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:17:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;peterpennings&gt;</span> tks alinefm, ramonn
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:18:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I only want to remember you we are current on code freeze for 2.2 releases
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:18:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so only bug fixes are accepted on master from now on up to 2.2 announcement
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:18:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> the next branch will be created as soon as we get any feature ready to be in
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:19:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> after 2.2 announcement, next branch will be merged into master
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> (it is the exactly the same process you always do)
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any question?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:20:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> nop
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any other topic to discuss today?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:21:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> alinefm,  do want to talk about authentication ?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:21:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> ooohhh dear
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:21:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> authentication/authorization
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:21:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> DAT TOPIC
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:21:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> rotru, go ahead
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:22:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> rotru, you are authorized to talk about it
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:22:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> :-P
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:22:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> pvital, HAHAHHAHAHAHHA
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:22:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> alinefm, you told me about an issue with them ... I am wondering whether it is the same problem that I opened in the community
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:22:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> pvital,  I got a green card
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:22:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> rotru, FOR REAL?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:23:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> rotru, oh, you meant green light
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:23:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> danielhb,  I have a green card in this community
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> rotru, could you share the issue link so I can check?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:24:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> rotru, when you said Green Card I thought about the USA one
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:24:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> rotru, and I was like "how can you still live down here having a USA green card"
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:24:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> alinefm, https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/issues/131
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:26:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> danielhb, thought that green card mean you are a citizen of the country, so I made a parallel with the community... I am not that good in jokes today, nevermind =P
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:27:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> rotru, I see. Don't you worry, you have a ginger card with me!
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:27:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> kkk
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:28:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> or lol
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:28:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> danielhb,  I would expect such phrase from lcorreia
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:30:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> rotru, yeap! it is the issue I have talked to you about
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:30:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> we will need to improve the urlsubnode decorator to have its own auth settings independent of its collection
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:32:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> rotru, when I said "ginger card" I was talking about this http://www.casinogokken.net/images/films/ginger-sharon-stone.jpg
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:32:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> alinefm,  ah, ok ... thought you had found a new issue
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:33:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> alinefm, can you please add more information and thoughts in the issue ?
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:33:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> the other issue related to auth is to block authenticatoin after many failures
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:33:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> rotru, sure - will do
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> rotru, and this is why I do not approve the current Ginger icon, I was looking forward to have Ginger McKenna as symbol of the project
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:33:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> alinefm, oh , I saw that request
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:34:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> alinefm,  but it is a feature, isn't it ?
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> danielhb,  lol
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> yeap - it will
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:34:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> alinefm, ok, not for 2.2 then
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:34:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> correct
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:34:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> but we can get it in as soon as possible on next branch
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:35:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> alinefm, indeed
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:35:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> alinefm,  thank you
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:36:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> rotru, ye
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:36:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> yw
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:36:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else for today?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rotru&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:37:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> gg
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> thanks everyone for joining!
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:38:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
