===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:10:26 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2017-03-01-13.10.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:10:55)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:10:55)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:10:55)
* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:16:31)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:16:35)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:16:35)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:16:44)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:16:46)
  * [wok] danielhb working in the second version of the websocket
    contribution  (danielhb, 13:17:45)
  * [ginger*] alinefm was about to move Updates tab from Ginger Base to
    Ginger but identified that it may full the second level navigation
    bar, so now she is working on get the sidebar menu up and running
    (alinefm, 13:17:59)
  * [ginger] alinefm has rebased Samuel's patch about the sidebar and
    will work on  fixing issues e etc  (alinefm, 13:18:18)
  * [kimchi] sent patch about disk performance settings to review
    (ramonn, 13:20:45)
  * [kimchi] ramonn will continue task investigating issues when
    changing disk bus  (ramonn, 13:21:06)
  * [kimchi] ramonn sent patch about disk performance settings to review
    (ramonn, 13:21:12)
  * [wok] ramonn talking with cherrypy community about logs on console
    (ramonn, 13:21:31)
  * [wok/kimchi/gingerbase] lcorreia got upstream patches for running
    Wok tests without root permission  (lcorreia, 13:22:42)
  * [ginger] lcorreia sent patches for running tests without root
    permission  (lcorreia, 13:22:42)
  * [kimchi/ginger] lcorreia working on running tests without root
    permission  (lcorreia, 13:22:42)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
    (lcorreia, 13:22:42)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:24:34)
  * Code freeze for next release (2.4) will be on Mar 10  (alinefm,
    13:24:57)
  * All the new features must be upstream on time otherwise it will be
    postpone to the Aug release  (alinefm, 13:25:28)



Meeting ended at 13:40:14 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (46)
* danielhb (16)
* ramonn (6)
* lcorreia (6)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4