===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 12:02:07 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2017-02-08-12.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 12:02:18)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 12:02:19)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 12:02:19)
* Status  (alinefm, 12:03:32)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 12:03:32)
  * [*] alinefm sent patches to fixed test cases broken when server
    start up changed to support plugins management  (alinefm, 12:03:59)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on running tests without root
    permission.  (lcorreia, 12:04:14)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
    (lcorreia, 12:04:14)
  * [Ginger] bianca is working on issue #13: Config backup needs
    progress indicator.  (bianca, 12:04:31)
  * [Kimchi] bianca sent a patch related to issue #979: Create UI to
    change boot order, sent a patch to ML. Applied.  (bianca, 12:04:31)
  * [WoK] danielhb sent the final version of the /config/plugins API
    (danielhb, 12:06:23)
  * [wok] ramonn will work on logging levels and send patch  (ramonn,
    12:06:39)
  * [WoK] danielhb is investigating asynchronous notifications with
    websockets  (danielhb, 12:06:40)
  * [kimchi] ramonn pretend to start task about disk performance this
    week  (ramonn, 12:07:03)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 12:15:32)



Meeting ended at 12:22:38 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (23)
* lcorreia (7)
* ramonn (4)
* danielhb (4)
* bianca (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4