12:03:41 <alinefm> #startmeeting
12:03:41 <kimchi-bot> Meeting started Wed Feb 17 12:03:41 2016 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
12:03:41 <kimchi-bot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
12:03:43 <alinefm> #meetingname scrum
12:03:43 <kimchi-bot> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
12:04:02 <alinefm> #info Agenda
12:04:03 <alinefm> #info 1) Status
12:04:03 <alinefm> #info 2) Open discussion
12:04:03 <alinefm> anything else?
12:04:11 <ramonn> nop
12:06:57 <alinefm> so let's get started
12:07:03 <alinefm> #topic Status
12:07:05 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project] <nickname> <status>
12:07:43 <alinefm> #info [wok] alinefm sent patch to remove legacy code from code
12:07:58 <alinefm> #info [wok] alinefm sent patch to update IBM copyright on make check-local
12:08:10 <peterpennings> #info [kimchi] peterpennings is working at maxmemory UI for guest and templates
12:08:12 <alinefm> #info [wok] alinefm sent patch to allow user disable HTTP port
12:08:41 <ziviani> #info [kimchi] ziviani sent patch to fix bug 33: Implement a multiprocess file handler for log system
12:08:54 <lcorreia> #info [wok] lcorreia will implement: user activity log functionality according to RFC sent to ML
12:08:54 <lcorreia> #info [kimchi] lcorreia fixed VLAN handling for bridged virtual networks in backend
12:08:54 <lcorreia> #info [kimchi] lcorreia working on Kimchi feature: handle notifications for host ENOSPC from libvirt
12:08:57 <ziviani> #info [kimchi] ziviani sent patch to fix bug 30: Duplicated log messages
12:09:11 <ramonn> #info ramonn [ginger] debugging rpm postun scripts
12:09:18 <ziviani> #info [kimchi] ziviani sent Add sourceURL comment for kimchi.min.js
12:11:20 <Abhiram18> #info [Ginger] Abhiram18 working on parsing issues in ifcfg with extra spaces for ginger.
12:13:19 <alinefm> anything else, guys?
12:15:23 <peterpennings> #info [Ginger] samhenri is working at SRIOV rework
12:16:03 <chandra> #info [Ginger] Looking into vlan/bond ui defects raised in the community
12:17:12 <alinefm> can we move on?
12:17:24 <peterpennings> yes
12:18:32 <alinefm> #topic Open Discussion
12:18:47 <alinefm> I only want to remember you that the code freeze starts in 2 weeks
12:18:59 <alinefm> so all features must be upstream by this time
12:20:28 <pvital> alinefm, but only for wok and gingerbase, right? I remember that there is one week of difference between the freezes
12:21:15 <alinefm> pvital, no
12:21:22 <alinefm> for wok and gingerbase is next week
12:21:46 <alinefm> Code freeze for Wok and Ginger base starts on Feb 24th
12:22:03 <alinefm> Code freeze for Kimchi and Ginger starts on Mar 03rd
12:22:22 <alinefm> *Mar 02snd
12:22:29 <pvital> ok
12:22:40 <lbianc> alinefm: I don't know if you are aware about the SR-IOV, but it is still under development. There were some issues regarding the specification. I would like you check that to help to improve how it is specified. We are going to summarize it before start, but would be good everyone be aware about it.
12:23:08 <alinefm> lbianc, yeap! sounds good for me
12:23:21 <alinefm> it is also good to send a mockup prior to the devel
12:23:29 <alinefm> so we can see how the UI will looks like before the code
12:25:14 <lbianc> alinefm: Yes, but any help from everyone when specifying will help a lot! :) Thanks!
12:25:34 <alinefm> lbianc, sure
12:25:40 <alinefm> anything else for today?
12:25:51 <lbianc> alinefm: nop
12:26:06 <alinefm> so thanks everyone for joining!
12:26:08 <alinefm> #endmeeting