12:01:06 <alinefm> #startmeeting
12:01:06 <kimchi-bot> Meeting started Wed Nov  9 12:01:06 2016 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
12:01:06 <kimchi-bot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
12:01:06 <alinefm> #meetingname scrum
12:01:06 <kimchi-bot> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
12:01:14 <alinefm> #info Agenda
12:01:14 <alinefm> #info 1) Status
12:01:14 <alinefm> #info 2) Open discussion
12:01:14 <alinefm> anything else?
12:01:19 <danielhb> no
12:02:34 <alinefm> so let's get started
12:02:53 <alinefm> #topic Status
12:02:53 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project] <nickname> <status>
12:03:28 <danielhb> #info [Kimchi] danielhb sent patches to implement CPU hot plug/unplug
12:03:51 <lcorreia> #info [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on packaging for Debian/Ubuntu
12:03:52 <lcorreia> #info [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
12:03:53 <alinefm> #info [wok] alinefm is working on issue #175 to do not generate nginx conf file on the fly and make adjustments on plugins accordingly
12:03:58 <bianca> #info [Ginger] bianca is working on issue #410: UI is not updated after brigging an interface down/up.
12:03:58 <bianca> #info [Ginger] bianca is working on issue #396: Network Configuration - Add/Delete BOND interface errors.
12:03:58 <bianca> #info [Ginger] bianca sent a patch for issue #452: Cannot enable/disable network interfaces.
12:03:58 <bianca> #info [Ginger] bianca sent a patch for issue #397: Network Configuration - Bring VLAN interface up.
12:03:58 <bianca> #info [Gingerbase] bianca sent a patch for issue #137: "Update All" button should be disabled when the update successfully finished.
12:03:58 <danielhb> #info [Kimchi] danielhb is now working in UI improvements in the CPU configuration of guests and templates
12:03:59 <bianca> #info [Gingerbase] bianca sent a patch for issue #148: Page is not refreshing after update all packages in the list.
12:04:49 <alinefm> #info [kimchi] alinefm started investigation about reattaching PCI devices to host when detaching them from guest
12:06:55 <alinefm> ramonn, anything else from your side?
12:06:57 <ramonn> #info [ginger] ramonn sent patch to fix kernel modules listing
12:07:17 <ramonn> #info [wok] ramonn sent patch to fix locale and language default set
12:07:55 <ramonn> #info [kimchi] ramonn investigating problems when creating network interfaces with DHCP at networks without dynamic ip
12:08:00 <ramonn> alinefm, thanks
12:09:42 <alinefm> yw =)
12:09:47 <alinefm> #topic Open Discussion
12:09:54 <alinefm> any other topic for today?
12:10:04 <danielhb> alinefm, I have a quick one
12:10:27 <danielhb> alinefm, I want to draw attention to the RFC I sent yesterday at the ML, [RFC] Guest/Template CPU setup with topology
12:11:16 <alinefm> danielhb, sure - I will take a look on that as soon as I send the patch about nginx to ML
12:11:33 <alinefm> sorry about the delay, but due debian deadlines all my attention was on that
12:13:00 <alinefm> lcorreia, bianca ramonn anything else from you?
12:13:08 <ramonn> nop
12:13:09 <bianca> no
12:13:10 <lcorreia> no
12:13:13 <danielhb> alinefm, thank you! I have nothing else
12:13:28 <alinefm> thanks you all for joining!
12:13:30 <alinefm> #endmeeting