===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 12:01:05 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2017-01-25-12.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 12:01:16)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 12:01:17)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 12:01:17)
* Status  (alinefm, 12:04:53)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 12:04:54)
  * [wok] alinefm sent patch to remove link between authorization
    settings and UI tabs  (alinefm, 12:05:14)
  * [wok] ramonn sent v3 patch for blocking too many login trials
    (ramonn, 12:05:23)
  * [kimchi/ginger*] alinefm sent patch to update authorization settings
    according to wok changes  (alinefm, 12:05:39)
  * [gingerbase] ramonn working on add filter to repositories list
    (ramonn, 12:05:40)
  * [wok] lcorreia sent patch to move dhparams.pem creation from build
    to post-install  (lcorreia, 12:05:58)
  * [wok] lcorreia sent patch to fix reloading of nginx config on
    development mode  (lcorreia, 12:05:58)
  * [wok] lcorreia made tests run during debian build  (lcorreia,
    12:05:58)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
    (lcorreia, 12:05:58)
  * [Ginger] bianca is working on issue #13: Config backup needs
    progress indicator.  (bianca, 12:06:01)
  * [Kimchi] danielhb sent versions of the /config/plugins and
    /config/reload APIs  (danielhb, 12:09:22)
  * [WoK] danielhb sent versions of the /config/plugins and
    /config/reload APIs  (danielhb, 12:09:22)
  * [Kimchi] danielhb is looking into an issue with PCI devices
    detachment in SR-IOV cases  (danielhb, 12:09:22)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 12:14:44)



Meeting ended at 12:25:10 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (16)
* danielhb (6)
* lcorreia (5)
* ramonn (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* bianca (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4