<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:35 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:45)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 13:03:01)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is investigating some performance
    issues in wokd (high CPU consumption when idle)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-14'>pvital</a>,
    13:03:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted V2 and V3 of the
    patch "Add support to Libvirt Events."</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-15'>pvital</a>,
    13:03:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted V2 of the patch-set
    "Issue #201: Handling Libvirt connection failures"</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-16'>pvital</a>,
    13:03:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted the patch "Isolate
    unit tests execution."</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-17'>pvital</a>,
    13:03:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-18'>pvital</a>,
    13:03:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb reviewed and applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-19'>danielhb</a>,
    13:03:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] peterpennings is working on select
    update packages V2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-20'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:03:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi]  danielhb sent a patch set to
    implement a new forward mode to macvtap networks</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-21'>danielhb</a>,
    13:03:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani is working on hot-plug of
    multi-function pci devices</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-22'>ziviani</a>,
    13:03:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] alinefm reviewed and applied patches</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru - Added support to memory
    Hotplug in non-NUMA guests for PowerPC;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-27'>rotru</a>,
    13:06:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru - Sent V1 of support to memory
    hotplug of DIMMs with more than 1GB - [coding V2 due to issues when
    remove devices if guest is offline];</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-28'>rotru</a>,
    13:06:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru - Fixed minor issue with a test
    case not reaching Fedora 21 image in mirrors.kernel.org;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-29'>rotru</a>,
    13:06:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru - Coded patch to change number
    of slots of memory devices supported [Send later today];</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-30'>rotru</a>,
    13:06:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru - Still working in change the
    guest update behavior, separating static from live updates
    completely [fixing some issues in test cases, alinefm is helping on
    this];</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-31'>rotru</a>,
    13:06:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] ramonn understanding how session is
    managed by cherrypy</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-41'>ramonn</a>,
    13:12:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn reading rpm guidelines from
    communities</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-42'>ramonn</a>,
    13:13:11)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html#l-44'>alinefm</a>, 13:15:36)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:24:03 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (29)</li>
  <li>danielhb (8)</li>
  <li>rotru (8)</li>
  <li>pvital (6)</li>
  <li>ziviani (5)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (3)</li>
  <li>ramonn (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
