13:03:52 <alinefm> #startmeeting
13:03:52 <kimchi-bot> Meeting started Wed Jan 20 13:03:52 2016 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:03:52 <kimchi-bot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:03:52 <alinefm> #meetingname scrum
13:03:52 <alinefm> #info Agenda
13:03:52 <alinefm> #info 1) Wok Status
13:03:52 <alinefm> #info 2) Kimchi Status
13:03:52 <alinefm> #info 3) Ginger Base status
13:03:52 <kimchi-bot> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
13:03:53 <alinefm> #info 4) Ginger status
13:03:58 <alinefm> #info 5) Open discussion
13:04:00 <alinefm> anything else?
13:04:17 <pvital> no
13:04:33 <alinefm> so let's get started
13:04:50 <alinefm> #topic Wok Status
13:04:58 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname> <status>
13:05:24 <ziviani> #info ziviani reviewed patches
13:05:24 <alinefm> #info alinefm sent patch to proxu websockets through nginx so there is no need to open 64667 externally
13:05:39 <alinefm> #info alinefm is now working to remove any Kimchi specific configuration from Wok and move to Kimchi
13:05:42 <pvital> #info pvital reviewed patches
13:06:24 <danielhb> #info danielhb rewiewed patches
13:07:10 <alinefm> #topic Kimchi Status
13:07:17 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname> <status>
13:07:42 <lcorreia> #info lcorreia working on inclusion of option to specify max_vcpu and current_vcpu separately per guest/template in Kimchi backend
13:07:42 <lcorreia> #info lcorreia will work to handle notifications for host ENOSPC from libvirt in kimchi backend
13:07:45 <alinefm> #info alinefm sent patch to start websockify on localhost ( it is a complement of the wok patch )
13:08:32 <ziviani> #info ziviani sent a patch to allow 3D controllers PCI passthrough in Kimchi
13:08:35 <ziviani> #info ziviani reviewed patches
13:08:42 <pvital> #info pvital opened Kimchi issue #837: Clone one VM multiple times at the same time
13:08:42 <pvital> #info pvital started to investigate solutions for issue #817: Backend should tell the frontend when a PCI device is no longer attached.
13:08:42 <pvital> #info pvital reviewed patches
13:08:55 <samhenri> #info samhenri fixed issues with live migration. Cleaning up some lines of code
13:09:08 <ziviani> #info ziviani is researching a solution for web console for VMs
13:09:30 <ziviani> #info ziviani worked on cpu hotplug frontend rfc
13:09:35 <ramonn> #info ramonn fixed websockify 0.7 support. Still fixing patch to send to ML
13:09:56 <ramonn> #info ramonn need to apply code review comments in Logrotate patch
13:10:59 <alinefm> ramonn, it is about wok, right? =)
13:11:30 <lagarcia> lol
13:11:34 <ramonn> LOL
13:11:40 <ramonn> alinefm, right :(
13:12:49 <alinefm> samhenri, do you know about andre and peter?
13:13:01 <samhenri> alinefm andre is not working with us anymore
13:13:12 <samhenri> alinefm and peter had a dr appointment today
13:13:26 <alinefm> samhenri, ok
13:13:35 <alinefm> samhenri, who will take care about the andre's patches?
13:14:10 <samhenri> alinefm yes, in fact I have the template sort v2 here
13:14:29 <alinefm> samhenri, great
13:14:36 <alinefm> let's move on
13:14:42 <alinefm> #topic Ginger Base Status
13:14:47 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname> <status>
13:16:16 <pvital> #info pvital submitted V3 of the patch: [Ginger] Prevent AsyncTask timeout error during FW Update.
13:16:16 <pvital> #info pvital reviewed patches
13:16:20 <danielhb> #info danielhb reviewed and applied patches to Ginger-base master branch. Several bugs were fixed
13:16:52 <alinefm> #topic Ginger Status
13:16:54 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname> <status>
13:16:58 <pvital> #info pvital is working in a fix to change Firmware Update command from PUT to POST request.
13:17:01 <pvital> ops
13:17:11 <pvital> this last one was regarding Ginger
13:17:11 <alinefm> pvital, heheh
13:17:17 <pvital> why so fast???
13:17:19 <pvital> :-P
13:17:29 <alinefm> pvital, you are so fast
13:17:36 <alinefm> the previous topic was about Ginger Base =)
13:17:46 <alinefm> I've just tried to help you hehe
13:18:06 <pvital> really??? I saw Ginger and that was enough!!!!
13:18:14 <pvital> :-P
13:20:05 <danielhb> #info danielhb reviewed and applied patches to Ginger master branch. Several bugs were fixed, UI and backend related
13:20:43 <alinefm> danielhb, I see a lot of patches in the Ginger ML
13:21:06 <alinefm> but probably no one what to tell more about them
13:21:06 <alinefm> hehehe
13:21:22 <samhenri> #info samhenri helping Peter continue Andre's work on System Modules and SR-IOV
13:21:47 <danielhb> alinefm, yeah, the bug fixes were delivered by the Z team mostly. pvital delivered a fix to Firmware Update (which I believe will require more work)
13:22:06 <alinefm> ok
13:22:08 <WalterNik> #info WalterNik running end to end tests on ginger and gingers390x
13:22:23 <danielhb> alinefm, I am working in a Kimchi feature ATM so I didn't fix much Ginger issues this last week
13:22:29 <alinefm> danielhb, np
13:22:42 <alinefm> anything else, guys?
13:22:54 <samhenri> I forgot to say that Peter sent a patch to Wok to include Typeahead.JS library that we'll use with the Load Modules modal window and if we have time I'm going to change old wok.combobox() instances with typeahead
13:24:51 <alinefm> samhenri, ok
13:25:00 <alinefm> #topic Open Discussion
13:25:09 <alinefm> any more topics to discuss today?
13:25:52 <pvital> no
13:26:11 <WalterNik> no
13:26:24 <alinefm> a quick meeting today =)
13:26:32 <lbianc> alinefm: About live migration UI, we had some rework regarding the missing specification
13:26:55 <alinefm> lbianc, what was missing there?
13:26:57 <alinefm> danielhb, ^
13:27:35 <lbianc> alinefm danielhb: Any suggestion to prevent it?
13:27:38 <lbianc> samhenri: ^
13:28:26 <alinefm> lbianc, what was missing there?
13:28:31 <danielhb> alinefm, lbianc what missing specification ?
13:28:48 <samhenri> the asynchronous process and the modal window, it wasn't very clear from the beginning that the progress had to be done outside the modal window
13:29:17 <samhenri> and then there was that change in the back end that I had to do yesterday
13:30:01 <alinefm> I thought we have mentioned it was similar to clone action
13:30:06 <samhenri> exactly
13:30:23 <danielhb> samhenri, the live migration backend had no change whatsover since dez/2015
13:30:43 <samhenri> I was looking exaclty at the clone function
13:30:45 <alinefm> danielhb, there is an issue there
13:30:51 <samhenri> and the getCloninGuests
13:30:52 <alinefm> danielhb, I checked with samhenri yesterday
13:31:14 <samhenri> I thought that my environment was too fast and that's why it wasn't getting all the migrating guests
13:31:34 <samhenri> but it turns out the getTasksByFilter() was returning nothing
13:32:17 <samhenri> and there's another issue
13:32:22 <samhenri> for instance
13:32:28 <samhenri> wok.window.close() destroys the modal content
13:32:45 <samhenri> so I had to find a way to keep the data from the input fields
13:32:59 <alinefm> hrm?
13:33:18 <alinefm> prior to close the model dialog, you should send the migrate request
13:33:27 <samhenri> yes, that works just fine
13:33:28 <alinefm> then, close the modal
13:33:30 <samhenri> however the delete checkbox
13:34:32 <samhenri> anyway, I've rewrote that part of the code and now it works as expected, i'm just cleanin up some console.log() outputs and performing more tests here
13:34:40 <alinefm> ok
13:35:16 <samhenri> I found a way to keep the modal input values after the window is closed and it is working
13:35:34 <alinefm> good
13:35:55 <alinefm> I don't see those issues as missing specification
13:36:00 <alinefm> seems more like a development decision
13:36:40 <samhenri> well, the initial design specification rfc meant that it was exactly like clone function, but clone function doesn't receive any parameters
13:37:04 <samhenri> and the getCloningGuests wouldn't work if I just changed "clone" to "migrate"
13:37:21 <samhenri> so it wasn't exactly like "clone" functions
13:38:04 <alinefm> ok - that is not exactly the same
13:38:08 <alinefm> but very similar =)
13:38:19 <alinefm> I will take care about the right words on next time
13:38:39 <samhenri> ok, thanks
13:38:50 <alinefm> and please, on doubts, make questions prior to send the patch
13:38:54 <lbianc> alinefm: ok, and I think both parts could talk more about the doubts
13:39:04 <lbianc> alinefm: exactly
13:39:04 <alinefm> lbianc, agree
13:39:33 <alinefm> lbianc, samhenri, usually, who does the backend does not have a lot of UI expertise
13:39:49 <alinefm> because of that we provide an idea about how the UI should look like
13:39:58 <alinefm> but feel free to discuss and ask questions
13:40:10 <lbianc> samhenri: If there is any, any doubt, ask alinefm and I think it's better put the questions here, so everyone can help.
13:40:15 <lbianc> alinefm: ^
13:41:37 <lagarcia> samhenri, you have to think that someone sending a UI RFC is looking at it only from a user perspective usually. They don't know how things work under the covers. From a user point of view, what we see in the screen, is probably the same for clone and migration
13:42:02 <lagarcia> samhenri, any other development decisions/questions, should be discussed as lbianc and alinefm said
13:42:41 <samhenri> lagarcia yes, this what i've been doing in the recent RFC discussions
13:43:01 <samhenri> lagarcia for instance the max memory and vcpu rfcs
13:43:20 <alinefm> great!
13:44:41 <alinefm> anything else, guys?
13:44:48 <samhenri> nope
13:44:58 <lbianc> alinefm: nop, thanks
13:46:46 <ramonn> nop
13:48:14 <alinefm> thanks everyone for joining!
13:48:16 <alinefm> #endmeeting