===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 12:59:54 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 12:59:54)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:01:44)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:01:44)
  * WalterNik working on the definition of the usecase for setup uplinks
    in Open vSwitch in ginger.  (WalterNik, 13:02:31)
  * alinefm sent patches to fix some issues: deb build for gingerbase,
    ISO streaming detection support, video model for Fedora22+, track
    task while creating/cloning guests  (alinefm, 13:03:06)
  * alinefm is now working on creating a logical pool from an exiting VG
    (alinefm, 13:03:21)
  * pvital worked in the task 'Guest memory usage'.  (pvital, 13:04:36)
  * pvital worked in the V2 of the issue related to objectstore
    information update when upgrading from Kimchi 1.5.1 to Kimchi 2.0.
    Waiting review.  (pvital, 13:04:36)
  * pvital worked in the task 'Create storage volume when attaching disk
    to a guest'  (pvital, 13:04:36)
  * pvital submitted patches to Wok/Kimchi community: Guest memory
    utilization; Issue #751: Fix guest memory utilization calculation;
    Upgrade ObjectStore data to Kimchi-2.0 (V2); Create new storage
    volume when attaching disk to a guest.  (pvital, 13:04:36)
  * pvital reviewed some patches and RFCs from Kimchi, Ginger Base and
    Ginger.  (pvital, 13:04:38)
  * pvital is working in the V2 of the patches submitted and reviewed.
    (pvital, 13:04:40)
  * suresh pushed patch to fix issue 1 in gingers390x  (suresh,
    13:04:58)
  * lucio sent host part of OVS bridges recognition to review last week
    (lcorreia, 13:05:26)
  * lucio discussed design around Linux bridge support  (lcorreia,
    13:05:26)
  * lucio applied code review for Linux bridge support feature - missing
    test cases and test  (lcorreia, 13:05:26)
  * lucio will do the OVS bridges recognition guest network part (and
    test cases) after finishing linux bridge support  (lcorreia,
    13:05:26)
  * atreyee working on issue # 746 new navigation bar  (atreyee,
    13:05:31)
  * danielhb reviewed and tested patches in the ML  (danielhb, 13:05:43)
  * samhenri sent new-ui patches yesterday  (samhenri, 13:05:59)
  * danielhb sent a version of the non shared storage live migration
    for review  (danielhb, 13:06:04)
  * samhenri currently working on edit guests modal windows  (samhenri,
    13:06:28)
  * andreteodoro working on Guests screen new ui  (andreteodoro,
    13:07:08)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:18:48)



Meeting ended at 13:46:06 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (50)
* samhenri (34)
* pvital (20)
* rotru (16)
* atreyee (12)
* danielhb (8)
* WalterNik (8)
* lcorreia (5)
* jansch (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* andreteodoro (1)
* suresh (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4