===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:35 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-05-18-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:01:45)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:01:45)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:01:45)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:01)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:01)
  * [Wok] pvital is investigating some performance issues in wokd (high
    CPU consumption when idle)  (pvital, 13:03:17)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted V2 and V3 of the patch "Add support to
    Libvirt Events."  (pvital, 13:03:17)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted V2 of the patch-set "Issue #201: Handling
    Libvirt connection failures"  (pvital, 13:03:17)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted the patch "Isolate unit tests execution."
    (pvital, 13:03:17)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:03:17)
  * [*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb, 13:03:20)
  * [Gingerbase] peterpennings is working on select update packages V2
    (peterpennings, 13:03:40)
  * [Kimchi]  danielhb sent a patch set to implement a new forward mode
    to macvtap networks  (danielhb, 13:03:43)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is working on hot-plug of multi-function pci
    devices  (ziviani, 13:03:48)
  * [*] alinefm reviewed and applied patches  (alinefm, 13:05:54)
  * [Kimchi] rotru - Added support to memory Hotplug in non-NUMA guests
    for PowerPC;  (rotru, 13:06:51)
  * [Kimchi] rotru - Sent V1 of support to memory hotplug of DIMMs with
    more than 1GB - [coding V2 due to issues when remove devices if
    guest is offline];  (rotru, 13:06:51)
  * [Kimchi] rotru - Fixed minor issue with a test case not reaching
    Fedora 21 image in mirrors.kernel.org;  (rotru, 13:06:51)
  * [Kimchi] rotru - Coded patch to change number of slots of memory
    devices supported [Send later today];  (rotru, 13:06:51)
  * [Kimchi] rotru - Still working in change the guest update behavior,
    separating static from live updates completely [fixing some issues
    in test cases, alinefm is helping on this];  (rotru, 13:06:53)
  * [wok] ramonn understanding how session is managed by cherrypy
    (ramonn, 13:12:55)
  * [ginger] ramonn reading rpm guidelines from communities  (ramonn,
    13:13:11)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:15:36)



Meeting ended at 13:24:03 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (29)
* danielhb (8)
* rotru (8)
* pvital (6)
* ziviani (5)
* peterpennings (3)
* ramonn (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4