===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by danielhb at 13:02:51 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-07-22-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (danielhb, 13:02:51)
* Status  (danielhb, 13:03:34)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (danielhb, 13:03:34)
  * WalterNik working on a proposal to move functionality from Kimchi to
    Ginger based on the wok branch. Planning to submit a UI mockup for
    review.  (WalterNik, 13:04:00)
  * danielhb sent a dozen of patches, reviewed a handful and pushed them
    to the temporary kimchi branch https://github.com/danielhb/kimchi
    (danielhb, 13:04:10)
  * ziviani sent patches to ML, which were applied and reviewed code
    (ziviani, 13:04:31)
  * chandra working on the GUI issues on wok branch after kimchi
    separation from the base frame work  (chandra, 13:04:41)
  * samhenri working on the new-ui widgets  (samhenri, 13:05:21)
  * ramonn focusing on bugs about sriov, looking for a machine. Still
    waiting for help in js code about caching pci devices query
    (ramonn, 13:08:30)
  * looking into issues on wok branch  (herch, 13:09:58)
  * I have started looking into an issue on wok branch issue #709
    (jkatta, 13:10:30)
  * looking into issue on wok branch  (suresh, 13:14:37)
  * HELP: , How to assign the wok branch UI issues to the people we are
    planning to work ?  (chandra, 13:27:11)
  * HELP: , samhenri, FYI the UI issues reported #704 to 709, can be
    reproduced if we install only the base frame work  (chandra,
    13:36:24)
  * HELP: , ok. samhenri also please suggest is it good idea to fix
    these issues in a short run till we have the new-ui changes ?
    (chandra, 13:38:49)
  * HELP: , How to assign the wok branch UI issues to the people we are
    planning to work ?  (chandra, 13:41:09)
  * IDEA: , Also I was thinking in the lines of adding version to the
    URI of REST API's for kimchi/ginger and future plugins to be
    developed.  (chandra, 13:43:38)

* Open Discussion  (danielhb, 13:47:47)

Meeting ended at 13:59:36 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* samhenri (23)
* danielhb (18)
* chandra (13)
* WalterNik (4)
* jkatta (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* ziviani (2)
* suresh (2)
* herch (2)
* Archana (1)
* ramonn (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
