===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:36 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-02-03-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:00:37)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:00:37)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:00:37)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:08)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:08)
  * [wok] alinefm fixed HTTP error code when login fails  (alinefm,
    13:03:27)
  * [wok] lcorreia is working on user log functionality  (lcorreia,
    13:03:52)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia working on V2 for inclusion of option to specify
    max_vcpu and current_vcpu separately per guest/template in Kimchi
    backend  (lcorreia, 13:03:52)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia will work to handle notifications for host ENOSPC
    from libvirt in kimchi backend  (lcorreia, 13:03:52)
  * [ginger] alinefm sent patch to protect Ginger APIs  (alinefm,
    13:04:08)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is working on a new feature (web serial console),
    almost ready for review  (ziviani, 13:04:08)
  * [kimchi] peterpennings working on network bridges UI
    (peterpennings, 13:04:11)
  * [kimchi] samhenri sent max memory UI RFC patch  (samhenri, 13:04:23)
  * [wok] alinefm is now working on a script to make all the code
    styling verification and reuse it in all plugins  (alinefm,
    13:04:39)
  * [Kimchi] pvital is working in issue #817  (pvital, 13:05:30)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger] [Gingerbase] [GingerS390x] pvital reviewed
    patches  (pvital, 13:05:31)
  * [ginger] samhenri fixed filtering and sorting in System Modules
    (samhenri, 13:05:50)
  * [ginger] samhenri finished flex box implementation on Details
    accordion for system modules  (samhenri, 13:06:05)
  * [wok] [kimchi] [ginger*] danielhb reviewed and pushed patches
    upstream, fixed issues with the make check-local of the plug-ins
    (danielhb, 13:06:29)
  * [kimchi] samhenri was working on 'Create logical pool from existing
    VG' but had to stop it in order to fix issues with System modules /
    SR-IOV in Ginger  (samhenri, 13:07:15)
  * [Kimchi] rotru I am still finishing the max memory backend part.
    (rotru, 13:10:03)
  * ramonn working on backport logrotate patch, also looking for old bug
    about vm snapshot  (ramonn, 13:12:13)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:15:45)



Meeting ended at 13:18:46 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (21)
* pvital (5)
* samhenri (5)
* lcorreia (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* ziviani (2)
* danielhb (2)
* peterpennings (2)
* ramonn (2)
* rotru (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4