===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:23 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2014-07-23-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:33)
* YuXin Authorization: add users/groups to vm patch v2 sent  (YuXin,
  13:05:11)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:05:11)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:05:12)
  * wenwang Authorization: remove host/template tabs for non-root users
    (wenwang, 13:05:20)
  * wenwang       Authorization: remove actions menu from
    storage/network tabs for non-rooot users  (wenwang, 13:05:39)
  * alinefm made the authorization changes needed in backend according
    to the discussions on ML  (alinefm, 13:05:48)
  * wenwang Authorization: remove [+] icon from non-root users view
    (wenwang, 13:05:57)
  * alinefm sent patch to let UI redirect user after login  (alinefm,
    13:06:03)
  * royce is working on vm image template patches ,rebased 2 versions,
    still working on v5  (royce, 13:06:43)
  * shaohef is working on ticket  (shaohef, 13:07:05)
  * vianac made more changes in the authorization patches according to
    the discussion on the ML  (vianac, 13:07:54)
  * alinefm is helping vianac to list resources according to users and
    groups assigned to them  (alinefm, 13:08:27)
  * alinefm sent patch to fix issue 374  (alinefm, 13:09:54)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-1.3
    (alinefm, 13:12:00)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:17:49)



Meeting ended at 13:31:52 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (42)
* wenwang (14)
* shaohef (7)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* lagarcia (2)
* YuXin (1)
* vianac (1)
* royce (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4