===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 12:00:31 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2017-02-01-12.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 12:00:38)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 12:00:38)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 12:00:38)
* Status  (alinefm, 12:03:33)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 12:03:33)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream patch to move dhparams.pem creation from
    build to post-install  (lcorreia_, 12:03:39)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream patch to fix reloading of nginx config
    on development mode  (lcorreia_, 12:03:39)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia analyzing how to run tests without
    root permission.  (lcorreia_, 12:03:39)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
    (lcorreia_, 12:03:39)
  * [wok] ramonn send login try patch to be reviewed  (ramonn, 12:03:57)
  * [wok] ramonn will finish loglevel patch  (ramonn, 12:04:11)
  * [Ginger] bianca is working on issue #13: Config backup needs
    progress indicator.  (bianca, 12:04:21)
  * [Kimchi] bianca sent a patch related to issue #979: Create UI to
    change boot order, sent a patch to ML. Waiting review.  (bianca,
    12:04:22)
  * [wok] danielhb worked in the v3 of the new plug-ins API. just sent
    it to the ML  (danielhb, 12:04:26)
  * [wok] danielhb will now go back to investigate the asynchronous
    notification mechanism  (danielhb, 12:04:51)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 12:09:11)



Meeting ended at 12:10:31 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (14)
* ramonn (5)
* lcorreia_ (5)
* danielhb (4)
* bianca (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4