===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 12:00:11 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 12:00:19)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 12:00:20)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 12:00:20)
* Status  (alinefm, 12:03:36)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 12:03:37)
  * [wok] alinefm fixed issues #146 (do not display wok tab for
    non-admin users) and #169 (display user log date in numeric format)
    (alinefm, 12:04:50)
  * [gingerbase] alinefm fixed issue #122 (allow user enable/edit
    repositories when updates section is loaded)  (alinefm, 12:05:17)
  * [wok] [danielhb] fixed a password issue in WoK login page
    (danielhb, 12:05:35)
  * [kimchi] [danielhb] fixed live migration issues  (danielhb,
    12:05:47)
  * [gingerbase] alinefm sent patch to improve the way the dashboard is
    loaded avoiding unnecessary requests to server  (alinefm, 12:06:03)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia added USB controller support for PCI hotplug
    (lcorreia, 12:06:27)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia removed all checkings for PowerKVM  (lcorreia,
    12:06:28)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia fixed Fedora ISO identification issue  (lcorreia,
    12:06:28)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
    (lcorreia, 12:06:28)
  * [Ginger] bianca is back from vacation and started to work in an
    issue related to Volume Group sizes in Storage tab (#226).
    Investigating if the problem is still happening.  (danielhb,
    12:06:30)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 12:16:55)



Meeting ended at 12:21:09 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (19)
* danielhb (6)
* lcorreia (5)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4