===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:13 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-08-05-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:47)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:04:10)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:04:10)
  * alinefm updated all the upstream branches according to the latest
    patches sent to ML  (alinefm, 13:04:31)
  * ziviani sent patches to ML and is working on bugs  (ziviani,
    13:04:34)
  * danielhb reviewed and pushed patches to his personal Kimchi fork.
    This fork is no longer necessary now that alinefm is back
    (danielhb, 13:04:40)
  * danielhb sent a couple of patches to fix issues with PCI API and
    memory usage in Power Systems  (danielhb, 13:05:10)
  * samhenri ported some wok widgets to bootstrap markup and css
    (samhenri, 13:05:31)
  * alinefm is now reviewing all pending patches on ML and will work
    with lcorreia to make the wok branch more stable  (alinefm,
    13:06:06)
  * harch understanding the UI flow, host tab movement from kimchi to
    ginger and investigation on authentication module for wok  (herch,
    13:06:30)
  * ramonn waiting response from libvirt team about USB controllers
    (ramonn, 13:08:12)
  * ramonn reading bugs about <interface type=hostdev>  (ramonn,
    13:08:34)
  * , Chandra working upon introducing version into REST API of wok
    branch for Kimchi/Ginger  (chandra, 13:09:27)
  * Jkatta  understanding the back end flow of host functionality and
    move the same to ginger  (jkatta, 13:10:38)
  * submitted patch for wok base help page, supporting en_US only for
    now  (suresh, 13:11:04)
  * pawan REST API versioning for Kimchi plugin Network tab for WOK
    (pawan, 13:12:23)
  * REST API versioning for Kimchi plugin Host tab for WOK
    (meghasmriti, 13:13:47)
  * pooja REST API versioning for kimchi plugin Storage tab for WOK
    (pooja, 13:13:49)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:26:11)



Meeting ended at 14:12:39 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (115)
* WalterNik (31)
* chandra (20)
* danielhb (19)
* samhenri (18)
* herch (12)
* Archana (9)
* Abhiram (7)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* ziviani (2)
* suresh (2)
* ramonn (2)
* pooja (1)
* pawan (1)
* lcorreia (1)
* meghasmriti (1)
* atreyee_ (1)
* jkatta (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4