===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:03:21 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-05-11-13.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:03:30)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:03:30)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:03:30)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:04:05)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:04:05)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted V1 of the patch "Add support to Libvirt
    Events."  (pvital, 13:04:38)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted V1 of the patch-set "Issue #201: Handling
    libvirt connection failures"  (pvital, 13:04:38)
  * [Wok] pvital is investigating some performance issues in wokd (high
    CPU consumption when idle)  (pvital, 13:04:38)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:04:38)
  * ramonn [ginger] merged fix on ginger sensors  (ramonn, 13:04:43)
  * [*] danielhb applied and reviewed patches  (danielhb, 13:04:53)
  * [Kimchi]  danielhb sent VEPA enhancements  (danielhb, 13:05:05)
  * [Wok] alinefm sent patch to make session timeout configurable and
    also fixed issues related to that  (alinefm, 13:05:06)
  * [Ginger] danielhb finished SR-IOV and RDMA backend support
    (danielhb, 13:05:21)
  * [kimchi] ziviani woked on bugs and is sending a new patch for iso
    permissions  (ziviani, 13:05:36)
  * [kimchi][ginger] reviewed code  (ziviani, 13:05:48)
  * [kimchi][ginger*] alinefm sent patch to remove cherrypy
    configuration from plugin config file  (alinefm, 13:06:01)
  * [Gingerbase] peterpennings is working on packages update
    (peterpennings, 13:06:05)
  * [kimchi] alinefm sent patch to fix issue related to create template
    from remote ISO  (alinefm, 13:06:19)
  * [wok] samhenri sent a patch to enable toggleswitch checkboxes
    (samhenri, 13:06:30)
  * [kimchi] alinefm sent patch to allow user create network with XML
    special characters  (alinefm, 13:06:36)
  * [kimchi] samhenri sent patch to fix filter position in Add Template
    modal window  (samhenri, 13:06:51)
  * [kimchi] alinefm sent patch to restrict volume creation to valid
    disk formats  (alinefm, 13:07:00)
  * [ginger] samhenri sent OVS Bridges V5  (samhenri, 13:07:03)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia sent to ML V1 for handling libvirt event ENOSPC
    (lcorreia, 13:07:10)
  * [ginger] lcorreia blocked on s390x access to make fibre channel
    listing arch-independent  (lcorreia, 13:07:10)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream "notifications in memory instead of
    objectstore"  (lcorreia, 13:07:10)
  * [wok] lcorreia is working on adding translation to User Request Log
    messages  (lcorreia, 13:07:10)
  * [Kimchi] rotru Fixed 2 problems caused by Libvirt changes regarding
    MEMORY Hotplug: now libvirt changes the 'currentMemory' when
    attaches a memory device, making Kimchi return wrong memory value;
    and now Libvirt does not add automatically memory device slots,
    causing Kimchi error when decrease memory. Will send both patches
    later today.  (rotru, 13:07:35)
  * [Kimchi] rotru Coding and finishing tests of 'support to memory
    hotplug in non-NUMA guests', plan is send the patch today.  (rotru,
    13:07:35)
  * [ginger] samhenri sent a patch for System Services front-end
    (samhenri, 13:07:47)
  * [Kimchi] danielhb is now working in live migration enhancements
    (danielhb, 13:08:56)
  * [kimchi] socorro Addressed the 3 suggestions that Aline brought up
    for  (alinefm, 13:09:11)
  * [kimchi] socorro Create Template.  samhenri is helping with one of
    those  (alinefm, 13:09:11)
  * [kimchi] socorro issues.  Planning on sending out a patch later
    today.  (alinefm, 13:09:11)
  * [kimchi] socorro Still don't have an env for testing bridged network
    as  (alinefm, 13:09:11)
  * [kimchi] socorro kop5 seems to go down when I do use it for that
    scenario;  (alinefm, 13:09:11)
  * [kimchi] socorro using kop5 for other scenarios and most are
    working; just  (alinefm, 13:09:13)
  * [kimchi] socorro have some UI-specific issues to deal with.
    (alinefm, 13:09:14)
  * [kimchi] socorro Reviewed/Tested kimchi patches  (alinefm, 13:09:16)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:14:58)



Meeting ended at 13:48:26 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (49)
* samhenri (48)
* ramonn (23)
* danielhb (7)
* pvital (5)
* ziviani (5)
* lcorreia (5)
* peterpennings (3)
* rotru (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4