<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:03 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:00:10)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 13:01:40)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] alinefm started moving network
    functions from ginger base to kimchi. It is being simpler than I
    expected as most of functions are only in use by Kimchi. I will do
    the same for Ginger soon</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia sent patches to run
    test_model without root permission</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-15'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:03:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia running tests on
    Ubuntu 16.10</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-16'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:03:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open
    Power HostOS branches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-17'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:03:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] alinefm identified that functions in
    disks.py from Ginger Base are used by Kimchi and Ginger. I could not
    identify a way to remove it from Ginger Base without duplicating
    code at this moment. Any idea is more than welcome.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm sent patch to fix issue #207
    related to LDAP auth</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn applying reviews for my
    patch</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-20'>ramonn</a>,
    13:06:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] ramonn will start tests on fedora</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-21'>ramonn</a>,
    13:06:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger*] danielhb tagged RC-1 release on
    ginger and gingerbase</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-24'>danielhb</a>,
    13:15:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb started tests on Opensuse</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-25'>danielhb</a>,
    13:15:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] bianca is running tests for all plugins to
    2.4 release</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-28'>bianca</a>,
    13:17:49)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html#l-31'>alinefm</a>, 13:18:43)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:21:44 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (21)</li>
  <li>ramonn (4)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (4)</li>
  <li>danielhb (4)</li>
  <li>bianca (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
