===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:03:52 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-01-20-13.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:03:52)
* 1) Wok Status  (alinefm, 13:03:52)
* 2) Kimchi Status  (alinefm, 13:03:52)
* 3) Ginger Base status  (alinefm, 13:03:52)
* 4) Ginger status  (alinefm, 13:03:53)
* 5) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:03:58)
* Wok Status  (alinefm, 13:04:50)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:04:58)
  * ziviani reviewed patches  (ziviani, 13:05:24)
  * alinefm sent patch to proxu websockets through nginx so there is no
    need to open 64667 externally  (alinefm, 13:05:24)
  * alinefm is now working to remove any Kimchi specific configuration
    from Wok and move to Kimchi  (alinefm, 13:05:39)
  * pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:05:42)
  * danielhb rewiewed patches  (danielhb, 13:06:24)

* Kimchi Status  (alinefm, 13:07:10)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:07:17)
  * lcorreia working on inclusion of option to specify max_vcpu and
    current_vcpu separately per guest/template in Kimchi backend
    (lcorreia, 13:07:42)
  * lcorreia will work to handle notifications for host ENOSPC from
    libvirt in kimchi backend  (lcorreia, 13:07:42)
  * alinefm sent patch to start websockify on localhost ( it is a
    complement of the wok patch )  (alinefm, 13:07:45)
  * ziviani sent a patch to allow 3D controllers PCI passthrough in
    Kimchi  (ziviani, 13:08:32)
  * ziviani reviewed patches  (ziviani, 13:08:35)
  * pvital opened Kimchi issue #837: Clone one VM multiple times at the
    same time  (pvital, 13:08:42)
  * pvital started to investigate solutions for issue #817: Backend
    should tell the frontend when a PCI device is no longer attached.
    (pvital, 13:08:42)
  * pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:08:42)
  * samhenri fixed issues with live migration. Cleaning up some lines of
    code  (samhenri, 13:08:55)
  * ziviani is researching a solution for web console for VMs  (ziviani,
    13:09:08)
  * ziviani worked on cpu hotplug frontend rfc  (ziviani, 13:09:30)
  * ramonn fixed websockify 0.7 support. Still fixing patch to send to
    ML  (ramonn, 13:09:35)
  * ramonn need to apply code review comments in Logrotate patch
    (ramonn, 13:09:56)

* Ginger Base Status  (alinefm, 13:14:42)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:14:47)
  * pvital submitted V3 of the patch: [Ginger] Prevent AsyncTask timeout
    error during FW Update.  (pvital, 13:16:16)
  * pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:16:16)
  * danielhb reviewed and applied patches to Ginger-base master branch.
    Several bugs were fixed  (danielhb, 13:16:20)

* Ginger Status  (alinefm, 13:16:52)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:16:54)
  * pvital is working in a fix to change Firmware Update command from
    PUT to POST request.  (pvital, 13:16:58)
  * danielhb reviewed and applied patches to Ginger master branch.
    Several bugs were fixed, UI and backend related  (danielhb,
    13:20:05)
  * samhenri helping Peter continue Andre's work on System Modules and
    SR-IOV  (samhenri, 13:21:22)
  * WalterNik running end to end tests on ginger and gingers390x
    (WalterNik, 13:22:08)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:25:00)



Meeting ended at 13:48:16 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (66)
* samhenri (28)
* pvital (15)
* lbianc (8)
* danielhb (7)
* ziviani (5)
* ramonn (5)
* lagarcia (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* lcorreia (2)
* WalterNik (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4