<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:35 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-5'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:36)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>, 13:03:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] samhenri sent patch fixing some Sass
    issues and adding new mixins</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-15'>samhenri</a>,
    13:03:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani sent patches to fixes issues
    on template/storage tabs 919, 920, 923, 924</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-16'>ziviani</a>,
    13:03:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] alinefm sent patch to fix memory hot
    plug issue on Power machines</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani is finishing 924 issue
    (ui)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-18'>ziviani</a>,
    13:03:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] samhenri sent patch to adjust guests
    SCSS with latest changes from Wok</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-19'>samhenri</a>,
    13:04:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn merged "installation media"
    patch. Working on code review tool and other issues</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-20'>ramonn</a>,
    13:04:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia got Asynchronous Notifications
    frontend upstream</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-21'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia sent backend V1 for "edit
    network" feature to review</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-22'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia is working on Kimchi issue
    #812</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-23'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] alinefm sent patch to adjust Template
    creation UI according to the latest API changes. Socorro is still
    working to change the UI properly to do not require the media type
    from user</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-24'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] sureshab working on V2 patch for user
    management</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-25'>suresh</a>,
    13:04:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] danielhb is working in the network
    management code, fixing issues</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-26'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital is still working on a solution
    to issue #817 - Add Events support to PCI attach/deattach</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-27'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] samhenri sent patch for OVS bridges
    front-end</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-29'>samhenri</a>,
    13:04:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] alinefm is testing and opening UI
    issues to improve usability there</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-30'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] samhenri working on Debug Reports
    multiselect</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-31'>samhenri</a>,
    13:05:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] peterpennings working on "Update
    selected packages only"</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-33'>samhenri</a>,
    13:06:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] rotru Fixed debug reports rename
    function;</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-35'>rotru</a>,
    13:08:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru Sent patch to fix issues in
    Kimchi UI and to avoid send Max CPU higher than CPU to
    backend;</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-36'>rotru</a>,
    13:08:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru Sent patch to change label
    "Memory Available" by "Memory Utilization";</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-37'>rotru</a>,
    13:09:24)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html#l-42'>alinefm</a>, 13:10:47)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 14:02:20 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (78)</li>
  <li>ziviani (25)</li>
  <li>rotru (19)</li>
  <li>pvital (9)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (8)</li>
  <li>samhenri (8)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (7)</li>
  <li>samhenri_ (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>ramonn (2)</li>
  <li>danielhb (1)</li>
  <li>suresh (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
