<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 12:01:28 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    12:06:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>,
    12:06:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-10'>alinefm</a>,
    12:06:09)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>, 12:06:43)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    12:06:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] danielhb fixed an issue with the mock
    model of virt viewer</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-16'>danielhb</a>,
    12:07:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] bianca is working on issue #138:
    Update selected packages only prevent user to switch tabs.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-17'>bianca</a>,
    12:07:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] bianca is working on feature request
    #517: Restore system backup.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-18'>bianca</a>,
    12:07:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] bianca sent a patch to issue #979:
    Create UI to change boot order. Waiting for review.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-19'>bianca</a>,
    12:07:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] danielhb fixed an issue with the
    SR-IOV UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-20'>danielhb</a>,
    12:07:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia will start
    working on packaging javascript dependencies separated for
    debian</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-21'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:07:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia fixing review
    comments for debian packaging</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-22'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:07:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia updated debian
    packaging to v2.3.1 and v2.2.2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-23'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:07:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on kimchi
    issue 1094 - Pass-through of SR-IOV PF fails</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-24'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:07:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open
    Power HostOS branches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-25'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:07:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb is now trying to set an
    environment to test live unplug of CX-4 VFs</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-26'>danielhb</a>,
    12:08:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn closed issue about deleting NIC
    interfaces</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-29'>ramonn</a>,
    12:11:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn investigating about network
    config files on ubuntu (how to generate it)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-30'>ramonn</a>,
    12:12:08)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html#l-33'>alinefm</a>, 12:12:51)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 12:14:22 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-12-28-12.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (16)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (6)</li>
  <li>danielhb (5)</li>
  <li>ramonn (3)</li>
  <li>bianca (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>bianca_ (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
