===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:19 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-07-20-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:00:46)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:00:46)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:00:46)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:01:40)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:01:40)
  * [Wok] socorro Tested/Reviewed patch  (alinefm, 13:02:14)
  * [*] socorro Followed up/Updated various bugzilla/github issues with
    (alinefm, 13:02:14)
  * [*] socorro accurate status/info where needed  (alinefm, 13:02:14)
  * [Kimchi] socorro - Sent v3 of netboot template to ML for review.
    Thanks  (alinefm, 13:02:14)
  * [Kimchi] socorro - to Samuel for helping when needed  (alinefm,
    13:02:14)
  * [Kimchi] socorro - Will start looking at new request regarding PCI
    passthrough  (alinefm, 13:02:16)
  * [Ginger] peterpennings just sent patch about improvementes on
    configuration backup UI  (peterpennings, 13:02:21)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:02:24)
  * [Wok] pvital submitted V3 of the patch "Use system's nginx proxy
    service."  (pvital, 13:02:25)
  * [Kimchi] submitted RFC to issue #976  (pvital, 13:02:25)
  * [Gingerbase] pvital is working in create a new plugin code for
    HostStatsModel to reduce high CPU consumption when wokd is in idle
    mode.  (pvital, 13:02:25)
  * [kimchi] ramonn sent RFC about returning remaining time to close
    session. Paulo answer  (ramonn, 13:02:32)
  * ziviani [kimchi] is reviewing and testing the front-end patch
    written by Samuel  (ziviani, 13:02:44)
  * [kimchi] ramonn asking for review to "Make kimchi able to change
    bootorder" and "Add bootmenu for guests"  (ramonn, 13:02:51)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is reviewing and testing the front-end patch
    written by Samuel  (ziviani, 13:03:04)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is working on bugs in pci PT  (ziviani, 13:03:24)
  * [wok] ramonn start removing hardcoded js libraries and using
    upstream packages  (ramonn, 13:03:30)
  * [kimchi] ramonn blocked on bug because bianca is using the machine
    (ramonn, 13:03:45)
  * [*] ziviani updated openpower branches  (ziviani, 13:03:51)
  * [ginger] danielhb fixed several github bugs  (danielhb, 13:04:44)
  * [Kimchi] samhenri sent patch about mouse pointer  (peterpennings,
    13:05:04)
  * [gingerbase]  danielhb working on package management enhancements
    (danielhb, 13:05:06)
  * [Wok] samhenri sent patch about user log date  (peterpennings,
    13:05:31)
  * [Ginger] bianca is working in bug related to time out while
    generating config back up file leave the tar file behind. Testing
    all possibilities using '--ignore-failed-read' to make sure tar
    command runs without any errors or warnings.  (danielhb, 13:05:37)
  * [Kimchi] bianca is working in a issue with kimchi killing Wokd due
    to sys.exit() calls. Investigating the problem with sys.exit() in
    'network' and 'storagepools' files, we've discuss about remove those
    calls and make an exception to not load the plugin in those cases
    (still need some tests).  (danielhb, 13:05:44)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:12:58)



Meeting ended at 13:22:08 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (37)
* ramonn (17)
* pvital (6)
* ziviani (6)
* peterpennings (5)
* danielhb (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4