<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:03:50 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:59)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 13:07:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro Sent patch to ML for review
    for github issue# 979 -</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro Change boot order UI.
    However, found a backend bug while</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro testing.  Per Ramon, went
    ahead and wrote github issue:</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-16'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro to address backend
    problem:</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/1012</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro Ran sanity tests for Kimchi on
    Ubuntu 16.04</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro Sent Aline list of issues as
    possible candidates to be closed out</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-20'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] bianca submitted a patch corrections
    to issue #860 - Support Guest Autostart, waiting review.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-21'>bianca</a>,
    13:07:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] bianca is working with Fedora 24 release
    tests.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-22'>bianca</a>,
    13:07:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] alinefm is testing 2.3 release on CentOS
    7</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>,
    13:08:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia sent V3, V4 patches and got
    upstream fix for Wok issue #141</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-24'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia got upstream: fix plugin uri
    lookup for user log</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-25'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] lcorreia running release tests in RHEL
    7.2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-26'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia working on PCI passthrough
    coldplug fixes</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-27'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger*] lcorreia reviewed/applied patches
    upstream</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-28'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] lcorreia maintaining/pushed branches to
    HostOS kimchi-ginger upstream trees</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-29'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:15)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] pvital is testing 2.3 release on Ubuntu
    16.04</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-30'>pvital_</a>,
    13:08:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn Sent "Should not be allowed to
    remove "default" storagepool and network" to RFC</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-44'>alinefm</a>,
    13:15:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn Sent "[Kimchi] integrety:
    storage pool deactivate/undefine needs to consider vm usage"</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-45'>alinefm</a>,
    13:15:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] ramonn worked on "js rpms as default
    libs". Will sent to review this week</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-46'>alinefm</a>,
    13:15:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[all] ramonn run OpenSuSE tests. Most important
    issue found is #1010</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-47'>alinefm</a>,
    13:15:10)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html#l-48'>alinefm</a>, 13:15:52)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:22:43 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-09-14-13.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (33)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (9)</li>
  <li>bianca (7)</li>
  <li>pvital_ (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
