<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:51 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>, 13:02:58)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Continue to make adjustments
    on create template UI based on feedback</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-16'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Off and on working on Edit
    Virtual Network UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Test/Review Kimchi
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[gingerbase] peterpennings is still working on
    update selected packages only</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-19'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:03:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] samhenri sent patch to update
    wok.list.js</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-20'>samhenri</a>,
    13:03:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] samhenri working on OVS bridges
    front-end v2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-21'>samhenri</a>,
    13:04:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] sent patches, already applied, to
    improve the feature test performance</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-22'>ziviani</a>,
    13:04:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] lcorreia is discussing design for fix
    in fibre channel listing</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-23'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia sent V1 for VEPA network
    tests</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-24'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia is working on handling
    libvirt event ENOSPC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-25'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] samhenri sent patch to allow
    multiple selection in Debug Reports and Repositories + initial
    support for mobile navigation</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-26'>samhenri</a>,
    13:04:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] [kimchi] [ginger*] Reviewed and tested
    patches from ML</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-27'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger*] danielhb reviewed and applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-28'>danielhb</a>,
    13:05:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani is working on a bug in
    ligbuestfs with libvirt, still investigating but looks to happen in
    newer versions of fedora and rhel</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-29'>ziviani</a>,
    13:05:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru sent patch to fix race condition
    in guest lookup;</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-30'>rotru</a>,
    13:05:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] rotru sent patch to fix collection
    get_list return when resource lookup fails;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-31'>rotru</a>,
    13:05:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] rotru sent path to fix error message
    when user edit Templates and pass an empty disk list;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-32'>rotru</a>,
    13:05:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru sent patch to fix typo and
    integer evaluation in Guest edit window;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-33'>rotru</a>,
    13:05:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] rotru still coding Enable/Disable plugins
    feature;</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-34'>rotru</a>,
    13:05:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger*] danielhb working in SR-IOV support
    for ConnectX-4 cards. danielhb intends to finish this work this
    week</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-35'>danielhb</a>,
    13:05:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital commented in pull request
    #932</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-36'>pvital</a>,
    13:06:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ramonn [ginger] will send patch to fix update
    issues</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-45'>ramonn</a>,
    13:07:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ramonn [kimchi] merged patch that fix template
    update (UI)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-46'>ramonn</a>,
    13:08:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn  will send patch to fix update
    issues</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-47'>ramonn</a>,
    13:08:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn will send patch to fix update
    issues</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-48'>ramonn</a>,
    13:08:50)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-54'>alinefm</a>, 13:09:53)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=913774">https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=913774</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html#l-91'>ziviani</a>,
    13:18:41)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:41:40 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (58)</li>
  <li>ziviani (35)</li>
  <li>rotru (17)</li>
  <li>lagarcia (9)</li>
  <li>pvital (7)</li>
  <li>ramonn (6)</li>
  <li>danielhb (5)</li>
  <li>samhenri (4)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>transhuman (1)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
