===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:03 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2017-03-15-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:00:10)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:00:10)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:00:10)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:01:40)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:01:40)
  * [kimchi] alinefm started moving network functions from ginger base
    to kimchi. It is being simpler than I expected as most of functions
    are only in use by Kimchi. I will do the same for Ginger soon
    (alinefm, 13:02:48)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia sent patches to run test_model without root
    permission  (lcorreia, 13:03:01)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia running tests on Ubuntu 16.10
    (lcorreia, 13:03:01)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
    (lcorreia, 13:03:01)
  * [kimchi] alinefm identified that functions in disks.py from Ginger
    Base are used by Kimchi and Ginger. I could not identify a way to
    remove it from Ginger Base without duplicating code at this moment.
    Any idea is more than welcome.  (alinefm, 13:03:34)
  * [wok] alinefm sent patch to fix issue #207 related to LDAP auth
    (alinefm, 13:03:50)
  * [kimchi] ramonn applying reviews for my patch  (ramonn, 13:06:42)
  * [*] ramonn will start tests on fedora  (ramonn, 13:06:50)
  * [ginger*] danielhb tagged RC-1 release on ginger and gingerbase
    (danielhb, 13:15:04)
  * [*] danielhb started tests on Opensuse  (danielhb, 13:15:06)
  * [*] bianca is running tests for all plugins to 2.4 release  (bianca,
    13:17:49)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:18:43)



Meeting ended at 13:21:44 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (21)
* ramonn (4)
* lcorreia (4)
* danielhb (4)
* bianca (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4