<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb 22 13:03:22 2017 UTC.  The chair is alinefm_. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">scrum</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:03:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:03:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">1) Status</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:03:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:03:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb_&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:05:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> so let's get started
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:06:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:06:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:07:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] alinefm sent patch to allow protecting POST actions when resource is not protected</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/gingerbase] lcorreia will send V2 patches for running Wok tests without root permission</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on running tests without root permission</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#indo </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] alinefm will continue working on Bianca's patches related to backup UI</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] danielhb will send the first version of the asynchronous notification system later this week</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:10:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] ramonn working on disks performance flags</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:10:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] ramonn sent patch about "set loglevel to INFO"</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:11:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] ramonn opened a issue to understand why cherrypy keep putting log at console</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> great!
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:14:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Open Discussion</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> lcorreia, danielhb_ ramonn any other topic for today?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:14:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:14:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb_&gt;</span> I have none
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:16:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> ok. thanks everyone for joining!
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:16:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
