<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:04:07 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>, 13:05:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-10'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patch to remove useless
    fonts</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-11'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">royce finished template creating from image,
    and create vm from image based template</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-12'>royce</a>,
    13:06:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">wenwang working on Authorization: remove
    host/template tabs for non-root users</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-13'>wenwang</a>,
    13:06:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patch to let front end redirect
    user after login</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patch with the backend
    authorization changes according to RFC comments</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">wenwang  working on Authorization: remove
    actions menu from storage/network tabs for non-rooot users</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-16'>wenwang</a>,
    13:06:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">royce investigated libvirt feature of changing
    disk permission, seems it can substitute my previous patch of
    inotify change permission, need more test on different distro</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-17'>royce</a>,
    13:07:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">wenwang working on Authorization: remove [+]
    icon from non-root users view</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-18'>wenwang</a>,
    13:07:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patch to keep KimchiException
    consistent independent of its use (inside of a cherrypy app or
    not)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lagarcia helped on the patch to build kimchi
    without fonts (Fedora requirement)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-20'>lagarcia</a>,
    13:08:05)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>, 13:11:11)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">YuXin authorization: assign vm to users/groups
    80% finished, will try to get a patch out this week</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-27'>YuXin</a>,
    13:12:25)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://www.cheetahtemplate.org/docs/users_guide_html_multipage/flowControl.if.html">http://www.cheetahtemplate.org/docs/users_guide_html_multipage/flowControl.if.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-103'>alinefm</a>,
    13:36:27)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_obj_global.asp">http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/jsref_obj_global.asp</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html#l-252'>YuXin</a>,
    14:21:42)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 14:23:05 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-07-16-13.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (120)</li>
  <li>royce (55)</li>
  <li>YuXin (36)</li>
  <li>wenwang (34)</li>
  <li>shaohef (7)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>lagarcia (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
