<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Mar  1 13:10:26 2017 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">scrum</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">1) Status</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:11:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, lcorreia ramonn ^
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:16:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so let's get started
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:16:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:16:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">1) Status</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:16:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:16:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:16:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ops....
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:16:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:16:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] danielhb working in the second version of the websocket contribution</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger*] alinefm was about to move Updates tab from Ginger Base to Ginger but identified that it may full the second level navigation bar, so now she is working on get the sidebar menu up and running</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:18:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] alinefm has rebased Samuel's patch about the sidebar and will work on  fixing issues e etc</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, do you think we will be able to get it upstream by the end of this week?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:19:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, I'll try but there are a lot of changes. we'll see
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:19:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> just wondering if we will need to postpone the code freeze to get it in or not
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:19:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, any idea?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:19:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, code freeze is last week, right?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:19:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, sorry, next week
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, originally it would be this Friday
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:20:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> but I am OK to postpone it to next week to get the async notification in this release
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:20:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] sent patch about disk performance settings to review</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:20:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, I think it's safer to postpone it. we can't count on that the v2 will be the final version
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:21:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] ramonn will continue task investigating issues when changing disk bus</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] ramonn sent patch about disk performance settings to review</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:21:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] ramonn talking with cherrypy community about logs on console</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/gingerbase] lcorreia got upstream patches for running Wok tests without root permission</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] lcorreia sent patches for running tests without root permission</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi/ginger] lcorreia working on running tests without root permission</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:22:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, ok - sounds good
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:23:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else, team?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:23:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Open Discussion</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:24:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Code freeze for next release (2.4) will be on Mar 10</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:25:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">All the new features must be upstream on time otherwise it will be postpone to the Aug release</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:25:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, lcorreia ramonn ^
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:25:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> and any other topic for today?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:25:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> alinefm, ok
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:26:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:26:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> no topic
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:27:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, I want to mention that, due to the code freeze, I don't think it'll be feasible to push any gingerbase features upstream
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:27:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, I'll send a RFC to the ginger ML about the host terminal anyways, but the deadline is too short for it now
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:28:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, as we have one more week, I plan to send the sidebar patch till this week and work to move the Updates tab to Ginger
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:29:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, wait, *that* sidebar patch ?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:29:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, the ginger one
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:29:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, do you think you can manage to do it? It has the potential to break a lot of things in ginger UI lol
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:29:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> hehehe
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:30:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, yeap! I have some considerations and if you agree I can send the patch till this week
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:30:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, actually , aside from WoK, do we need new releases? Perhaps Kimchi had new features going upstream?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:31:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, I know, for example, the idea is to have every single tab section as a entry in the sidebar but for now, I was thinking in only have one entry on sidebar for each tab we have today
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:31:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, do you agree on that?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:31:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> after that, we can work to separate every section in a sidebar entry
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:31:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, yeap! kimchi has new features upstream
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:32:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> the first step (one sidebar entry for each tab we have today) I can do for this week based on Samuel's patch
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:34:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, TBH I would rather ask you to go ahead and implement a preview, then we can discuss on top of that
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:35:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, I'll probably agree with it, perhaps propose some tweaks and so on
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:36:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, ok! I will send a patch soon as RFC to get agreement on it
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> and maybe get it upstream for this release
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:36:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, thanks
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:37:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, let's call it [RFC patch]
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:37:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, it's common in some communities like qemu
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:37:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:37:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any other topic for today?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:39:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, I have a rant but it's IBM specific :P
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:40:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ok - we can talk later about that hehe
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:40:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> thanks everyone for joining!
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:40:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
