<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:17 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Plans for next release</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">3) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:56)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Plans for next release</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>, 13:04:01)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Schedule for next release:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/wiki/Planning-2.3</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">All the 4 projects (wok, kimchi, ginger and
    ginger base) will follow these dates</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-16'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Wok and Kimchi 2.3</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Ginger 2.3</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Ginger Base 2.2.1 if no new features are
    planned for that, otherwise 2.3. I am still discussing that with
    danielhb</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:36)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-28'>alinefm</a>, 13:08:49)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-29'>alinefm</a>,
    13:08:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb reviewed and applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-30'>danielhb</a>,
    13:09:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] danielhb fixed a couple of Kimchi
    bugs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-31'>danielhb</a>,
    13:09:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] peterpennings is working on
    improvements on Configuration Backup UI</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-32'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:09:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] danielhb is finishing the dreaded Virt
    Viewer Launch feature</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-33'>danielhb</a>,
    13:09:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] samhenri sent patch containing
    Datatables.net and Moment.JS</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-34'>samhenri</a>,
    13:09:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] samhenri sent some mockups for Ginger
    sidebar to Wok mailing list as it would require changes in Wok JS
    files</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-35'>samhenri</a>,
    13:09:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-36'>pvital</a>,
    13:09:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is investigating some performance
    issues in wokd (high CPU consumption when idle)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-37'>pvital</a>,
    13:09:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] samhenri currently working on Global
    Network Configuration redesign</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-38'>samhenri</a>,
    13:10:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani is improving the device
    attachment code to handle libvirt events</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-39'>ziviani</a>,
    13:10:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] bianca Investigated issue related to
    "Deleting Configuration Backup file(created using ginger) in command
    line is not reflecting back in the UI." After some discussion, we
    thought maybe would be good to include headers in tar files (using
    tar pax_headers). Due to compatibility issues in old versions, best
    solution is compare backup dir with system database to check which
    files has been added and deleted in the backup directory. Working
    on</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-40'>bianca</a>,
    13:10:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] bianca Also got another bug related to
    backup files, if the back up times out and the the tar is not good
    then the file needs to be removed from back up directory.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-42'>bianca</a>,
    13:10:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani is working on issues with
    multi-function hotplug</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-43'>ziviani</a>,
    13:10:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia sent V1 of run_command
    improvements for firmware update</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-44'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:11:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] lcorreia sent V1 of firmware update
    backend/UI improvements</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-45'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:11:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] lcorreia sent V1 of firmware update
    failure UI improvements</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-46'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:11:49)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html#l-61'>alinefm</a>, 13:18:06)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:21:20 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-07-06-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (35)</li>
  <li>samhenri (8)</li>
  <li>pvital (5)</li>
  <li>ziviani (4)</li>
  <li>danielhb (4)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (3)</li>
  <li>bianca (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
