13:02:17 <alinefm> #startmeeting
13:02:17 <kimchi-bot> Meeting started Wed Jul  6 13:02:17 2016 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:02:17 <kimchi-bot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:02:17 <alinefm> #meetingname scrum
13:02:17 <kimchi-bot> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
13:02:56 <alinefm> #info Agenda
13:02:56 <alinefm> #info 1) Plans for next release
13:02:56 <alinefm> #info 2) Status
13:02:56 <alinefm> #info 3) Open discussion
13:02:56 <alinefm> anything else?
13:03:45 <pvital> no
13:03:47 <samhenri> nope
13:03:53 <alinefm> so let's get started
13:04:01 <alinefm> #topic Plans for next release
13:04:29 <alinefm> #info Schedule for next release: https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/wiki/Planning-2.3
13:04:47 <alinefm> #info All the 4 projects (wok, kimchi, ginger and ginger base) will follow these dates
13:05:05 <alinefm> #info Wok and Kimchi 2.3
13:05:09 <alinefm> #info Ginger 2.3
13:05:36 <alinefm> #info Ginger Base 2.2.1 if no new features are planned for that, otherwise 2.3. I am still discussing that with danielhb
13:06:03 <alinefm> I will send an email to the ML with the features planned and proper add it to the github wiki
13:06:12 <alinefm> any suggestion is more than welcome
13:06:14 <alinefm> any question?
13:06:38 <ziviani> no
13:06:50 <pvital> what about the features and tasks to develop?
13:07:07 <alinefm> I will send an email to the ML with the features planned and proper add it to the github wiki
13:08:11 <pvital> ok
13:08:26 <alinefm> I will do that still today
13:08:49 <alinefm> #topic Status
13:08:50 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project] <nickname> <status>
13:09:11 <danielhb> #info [*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches
13:09:24 <danielhb> #info [kimchi] danielhb fixed a couple of Kimchi bugs
13:09:34 <peterpennings> #info [Ginger] peterpennings is working on improvements on Configuration Backup UI
13:09:40 <danielhb> #info [Kimchi] danielhb is finishing the dreaded Virt Viewer Launch feature
13:09:47 <samhenri> #info [wok] samhenri sent patch containing Datatables.net and Moment.JS
13:09:51 <samhenri> #info [ginger] samhenri sent some mockups for Ginger sidebar to Wok mailing list as it would require changes in Wok JS files
13:09:54 <pvital> #info [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches
13:09:55 <pvital> #info [Wok] pvital is investigating some performance issues in wokd (high CPU consumption when idle)
13:10:00 <samhenri> #info [ginger] samhenri currently working on Global Network Configuration redesign
13:10:21 <ziviani> #info [kimchi] ziviani is improving the device attachment code to handle libvirt events
13:10:34 <bianca> #info [ginger] bianca Investigated issue related to "Deleting Configuration Backup file(created using ginger) in command line is not reflecting back in the UI." After some discussion, we thought maybe would be good to include headers in tar files (using tar pax_headers). Due to compatibility issues in old versions, best solution is compare backup dir with system database to check which files has been added and deleted in the backup directory. Working on
13:10:34 <bianca> that.
13:10:35 <bianca> #info [ginger] bianca Also got another bug related to backup files, if the back up times out and the the tar is not good then the file needs to be removed from back up directory.
13:10:54 <ziviani> #info [kimchi] ziviani is working on issues with multi-function hotplug
13:11:49 <lcorreia> #info [wok] lcorreia sent V1 of run_command improvements for firmware update
13:11:49 <lcorreia> #info [ginger] lcorreia sent V1 of firmware update backend/UI improvements
13:11:49 <lcorreia> #info [ginger] lcorreia sent V1 of firmware update failure UI improvements
13:14:12 <alinefm> samhenri, have the changes on network API commented by Chandra already merged upstream?
13:14:30 <alinefm> danielhb, ^
13:14:39 <alinefm> samhenri, just to make sure we will not have any conflict
13:15:29 <danielhb> alinefm, what network API changes?
13:16:04 <samhenri> not yet, i saw that socorro sent a patch to SR-IOV that interacts with Network Configuration and it was applied to master
13:16:10 <alinefm> danielhb, I am not sure exactly but Chandra commented last scrum meeting that there were some people working on network API changes and that may impact the redesign
13:16:29 <samhenri> but the Global Configuration redesign shouldn't impact other changes
13:16:32 <alinefm> samhenri, ok - did you get any input from Chandra in the last days?
13:17:09 <samhenri> in fact, I've posted some screenshots to the Github issue
13:17:21 <alinefm> oh ok
13:17:26 <alinefm> I will check there so
13:17:41 <alinefm> thanks
13:17:45 <alinefm> can we move on?
13:17:58 <samhenri> sure
13:18:06 <alinefm> #topic Open Discussion
13:18:12 <alinefm> any other topic for today?
13:20:01 <ziviani> no
13:21:12 <alinefm> a quick meeting today
13:21:16 <alinefm> thanks everyone for joining!
13:21:20 <alinefm> #endmeeting