<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">12:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">12:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jan  4 12:00:34 2017 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">12:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">12:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">scrum</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">12:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">12:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> our first meeting of 2017! \o/
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">12:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">12:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">1) Status</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">12:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">12:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">12:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">12:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> nop
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">12:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bianca&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">12:03:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">12:03:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">12:04:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Kimchi] danielhb implemented RDMA support for Live Migration. danielhb will send patches to ML after testing them</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">12:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bianca&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Gingerbase] bianca is working on issue #138: Update selected packages only prevent user to switch tabs. Done, just testing css/js.</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">12:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bianca&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Ginger] bianca is working on feature request #517: Restore system backup.</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">12:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] ramonn need to resent issue #469 and #390</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">12:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] ramonn debugging issue #160</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">12:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] lcorreia sent patch to not build-depend on firewalld</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">12:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on new review comments for debian packaging</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">12:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia assessed what is needed to package javascript dependencies separated for debian</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">12:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia fixed Dec25th' review comments for debian packaging</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">12:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">12:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> lcorreia, we also need to add 'sudo' as dep for debian
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">12:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> seems it is not default on debian
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">12:07:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> alinefm, sure, I did it on debian side already, will be in next drop to them
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">12:09:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">12:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Open Discussion</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">12:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any other topic for today?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">12:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> bianca, danielhb lcorreia ramonn ^
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">12:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, I need vacations
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">12:09:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ramonn&gt;</span> nop
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">12:10:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, hehehe
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">12:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, not more than me =P
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">12:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bianca&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">12:12:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> ok.. if no one has anything else we can finish now...
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">12:12:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> thanks everyone for joining!
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">12:12:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
