12:00:34 <alinefm> #startmeeting
12:00:34 <kimchi-bot> Meeting started Wed Dec 14 12:00:34 2016 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
12:00:34 <kimchi-bot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
12:00:34 <alinefm> #meetingname scrum
12:00:34 <kimchi-bot> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
12:00:43 <alinefm> #info Agenda
12:00:43 <alinefm> #info 1) Status
12:00:43 <alinefm> #info 2) Open discussion
12:00:43 <alinefm> anything else?
12:02:33 <bianca> no
12:04:15 <alinefm> #topic Status
12:04:15 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project] <nickname> <status>
12:04:26 <lcorreia> #info [kimchi/ginger] lcorreia got some bugfixes upstream
12:04:26 <lcorreia> #info [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia finished 2.3.1/2.2.2 tests on Ubuntu 16.10
12:04:26 <lcorreia> #info [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on fixes for Debian/Ubuntu packages
12:04:26 <lcorreia> #info [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
12:04:58 <alinefm> #info [wok] alinefm fixed JS files to have up to 512 characters
12:05:04 <alinefm> #info [ginger] alinefm fixed JS files to have up to 512 characters
12:05:35 <alinefm> #info [kimchi] alinefm fixed issues #1015 and #1066
12:05:37 <bianca> #info [kimchi] bianca sent a patch related to issue #1057: Failed to import kimchi.
12:05:37 <bianca> #info[wok] bianca sent a patch related to issue #144: The filter of of the user activity log shows loading forever.
12:05:37 <bianca> #info[wok] bianca is working on issue #130: Wok does not support multiple words in plugin tag name.
12:06:38 <ramonn> #info [wok] ramonn merged #186, #168, #185
12:06:46 <alinefm> #info [gingerbase] alinefm fixed issue #152 and sent patch to fix minor issues on repositories feature
12:06:50 <ramonn> #info [kimchi] ramonn sent v2 for #1026
12:07:14 <alinefm> #info [kimchi] alinefm is investigating if build is not including spice html5 JS file for debian/ubuntu
12:07:20 <ramonn> #info [ginger] ramonn need to send v3 for #469
12:07:36 <alinefm> #info [wok/kimchi] alinefm will start working on 2.3.1 release today to announce it on Firday
12:07:39 <alinefm> *friday
12:07:52 <alinefm> danielhb,  ?
12:07:56 <danielhb> #info [wok] danielhb fixed a non-root login problem in wok
12:08:24 <danielhb> #info [*] danielhb is wrapping it up the tests in the stable branches for the release this week
12:15:35 <alinefm> #topic Open Discussion
12:15:46 <alinefm> danielhb, bianca ramonn lcorreia any other topic for today?
12:15:51 <ramonn> mop
12:15:54 <ramonn> *nop
12:15:56 <bianca> no'
12:16:05 <lcorreia> no
12:16:34 <alinefm> so thanks everyone for joining!
12:16:37 <alinefm> #endmeeting