<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:00:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:00:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Mar 16 13:00:14 2016 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:00:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:00:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">scrum</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:00:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">1) Status</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:01:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so let's get started
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:03:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:03:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">alinefm is working on bug fixes</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">alinefm created next branch for wok and kimchi</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] lcorreia lucio is working on backend and UI for Asynchronous Notifications feature</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:04:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] will work on adding translation to User Request Log messages</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:04:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[gingerbase] lcorreia fixed Gingerbase issue #48 - Do not accept empty name on debug report update</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:04:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] lcorreia will use Asynchronous Notifications to handle libvirt event ENOSPC</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:04:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] lcorreia will work on Kimchi issue #812</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:05:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lbianc&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] peterpennings estimating new tasks, currently on "VEPA".</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:05:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Ginger*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches.</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:05:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Ginger] danielhb sent 2 patch sets that were applied to the 'next' branch. They are related to a new way of supporting SR-IOV.</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:05:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lbianc&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] samhenri working on bug fix: "Save button is having wrong behavior when edit a running Guest", "PCI filter does not seem to work" and "Frontend doesn't update the PCI tab after a PCI attachment"</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:05:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Ginger] danielhb will send a RFC for a new backend to support management of system services</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:06:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ziviani&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] ziviani is applying changes from last code review for web seria console</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:08:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Gingerbase] pvital is working in a V4 patch-set related to backend part of issue #9 - Update selected packages</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:08:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] pvital is working on a solution to issue #817 - Add Events support to PCI attach/deattach</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:08:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] pvital created the issue #862 and it's working on it - Incomplete (wrong) information displayed for existing template when adding new Guest</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:08:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:11:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> not from me
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:12:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lbianc&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Open Discussion</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:13:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> This is the last week to have bug fixes accepted upstream for all the 4 projects
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:13:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> the 2.1 release will be announced next week
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so if you want to have any bug fix included in this release, please do it this week
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any question?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:14:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:17:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any other topic for today?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:19:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:21:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:23:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so thanks everyone for joining!
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:23:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
