===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 12:04:24 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-10-26-12.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 12:04:33)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 12:04:33)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 12:04:33)
* Status  (alinefm, 12:07:37)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 12:07:38)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on packaging for Debian/Ubuntu
    (lcorreia, 12:07:46)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
    (lcorreia, 12:07:46)
  * [Ginger] bianca sent a patch related to issue #226 - Show GiB
    instead of g for Volume Group sizes. Patch was applied.  (bianca,
    12:07:52)
  * [Ginger] bianca sent a patch related to issue #397 - Fedora 24:
    Network Configuration - Bring VLAN interface up. The problem is
    related to IPv4 DHCP, when user try to bring vlan interface up and
    there is no dhcp working in that interface, an default message is
    display in the UI and the interface is not started. Patch is under
    review.  (bianca, 12:07:52)
  * [Ginger] bianca is working on a bug related to network. When user
    try to bring some interface on and there is no script for that
    interface on '/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/' directory, an generic
    error message is displayed in the UI and the interface is not
    started.  (bianca, 12:07:52)
  * [Gingerbase] bianca sent a patch related to issue #140 - Fedora 24:
    Bug when try to rename multiple debug reports. Patch is under
    review.  (bianca, 12:07:52)
  * [Gingerbase] bianca is working on issue #137 - "Update All" button
    should be disabled when the update successfully finished. Still
    investigating this issue.  (bianca, 12:07:52)
  * [wok] alinefm is working on issues #173 and #174 related to how wok
    interact with plugins  (alinefm, 12:08:07)
  * [*] danielhb investigated the differences of css that were happening
    between branches and OSses. He concluded that upgrading all pip
    installed packages solves the issue  (danielhb, 12:09:13)
  * [kimchi] ramonn close issue 970 about permissions on ISO templates
    (ramonn, 12:09:51)
  * [Kimchi] danielhb is investigating and working in the CPU hotplug
    feature  (danielhb, 12:09:51)
  * [ginger] ramonn sent RFC about listing kernel module  (ramonn,
    12:10:03)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 12:11:51)



Meeting ended at 12:23:06 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (25)
* ramonn (7)
* bianca (6)
* danielhb (5)
* lcorreia (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4