===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:03:16 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-03-23-13.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:03:31)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:03:31)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:03:31)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:05:14)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:05:14)
  * [wok][ginger*][kimchi] alinefm is working on accessibility
    assessment. Issues found are being reported on github  (alinefm,
    13:05:54)
  * [kimchi] ziviani sent bugfix for GPU passthrough  (ziviani,
    13:06:06)
  * [kimchi] ziviani sent bugfix for issues on web console  (ziviani,
    13:06:18)
  * [wok] [kimchi] alinefm is working for 2.1 release to be announced
    tomorrow (due the Brazilian holiday on Friday)  (alinefm, 13:06:20)
  * [Gingerbase] pvital submitted the V4 of patch-set to solve issue #9
    - Update selected packages  (pvital, 13:06:30)
  * [Kimchi] pvital is working on a solution to issue #817 - Add Events
    support to PCI attach/deattach  (pvital, 13:06:30)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:06:30)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is working on bugfixes  (ziviani, 13:06:33)
  * [ginger] peterpennings is working on SR-IOV UI  (peterpennings,
    13:06:33)
  * [Wok] samhenri sent patch to update bootstrap-select to a newer
    version  (peterpennings, 13:06:42)
  * [Ginger] samhenri started working on OVS bridges but found a bug
    that is blocking the UI development  (peterpennings, 13:06:49)
  * [Kimchi] samhenri about to send a patch for VEPA networks.
    Bootstrap-select update is required to work properly
    (peterpennings, 13:06:55)
  * [ginger*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb,
    13:07:08)
  * [wok] lcorreia lucio is working on backend for WokMessage feature
    (lcorreia, 13:07:14)
  * [wok] lcorreia lucio is working on backend and UI for Asynchronous
    Notifications feature based on WokMessage  (lcorreia, 13:07:14)
  * [wok] will work on adding translation to User Request Log messages
    (lcorreia, 13:07:14)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia will use Asynchronous Notifications to handle
    libvirt event ENOSPC  (lcorreia, 13:07:14)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia will work on Kimchi issue #812  (lcorreia,
    13:07:14)
  * [ginger] sent a version of the sr-iov for mlx5 to 'next' branch
    (danielhb, 13:07:30)
  * [ginger*] danielhb will tag the release 2.1 this week  (danielhb,
    13:07:49)
  * rotru  Sent fix to issue #840, and moved template.conf to /ETC
    (rotru, 13:11:52)
  * rotru [Kimchi] Sent fix to issue #838, but it is still in review
    (rotru, 13:12:55)
  * rotru  [Kimchi] Sent fix to issue #840, and moved template.conf to
    /ETC  (rotru, 13:13:01)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:14:36)



Meeting ended at 13:17:50 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (21)
* lcorreia (7)
* rotru (7)
* pvital (4)
* ziviani (4)
* peterpennings (4)
* danielhb (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4