<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:03:34 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>, 13:05:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani is working on multi-function
    pci hotplug</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-16'>ziviani</a>,
    13:06:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Sent v2 patch to ML for Edit
    Virtual Network with</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro passthrough support and
    including addressing issues from</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro feedback; got applied upstream
    along with</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro alinefm's patch to complete
    edit virtual network feature</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-20'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Working on another issue from
    feedback regarding</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-21'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro interfaces showing only for
    first one even if there are more</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-22'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro than one chosen by user.  This
    is an existing bug and not</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro introduced by edit virtual
    network patch. Sent proposal</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-24'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro to ML on how to display that
    and currently working on that.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-25'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Revisited some github UI
    issues and added comments on them</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-26'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro as some may no longer be
    valid.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-27'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[gingerbase] peterpennings is working in some
    changes on update selected packages only</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-28'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:06:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani sent a patch to fix the log
    search by time</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-29'>ziviani</a>,
    13:06:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] read the rpm guidelines and provided
    fix for issue 334</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-30'>ramonn</a>,
    13:06:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani sent a patch to fix an issue
    on serial console</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-32'>ziviani</a>,
    13:07:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] alinefm helped socorro with edit
    network UI issues</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-33'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted V2 of patch "Isolate
    unit tests execution."</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-34'>pvital</a>,
    13:07:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted V4 of patch "Add
    support to Libvirt Events."</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-35'>pvital</a>,
    13:07:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is investigating some performance
    issues in wokd (high CPU consumption when idle)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-36'>pvital</a>,
    13:07:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is working on Kimchi issue #78
    (actually a Wok issue) - make async task stopable</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-37'>pvital</a>,
    13:07:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed (few)
    patches (this last week)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-38'>pvital</a>,
    13:07:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm sent patch to fix issue on user
    log activity (user log was displaying "No results found" even when
    there were logs)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-39'>alinefm</a>,
    13:08:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia sent to ML V2,V3,V4 for
    handling libvirt event ENOSPC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-40'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia testing V4 for handling
    libvirt event ENOSPC with Ziviani's timeout reduction patch</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-41'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia helped Aline and Socorro
    testing edit network UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-42'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] lcorreia got upstream patch to make
    fibre channel listing arch-independent</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-43'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia got upstream patches for
    translation of User Request Log messages</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-44'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia got upstream fix for an
    inconsistency bug on user log download url</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-45'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia investigated UI issue #109: make
    async notifications persistent across tabs</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-46'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:08:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb reviewed and applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-47'>danielhb</a>,
    13:09:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi]  danielhb implemented a new libvirt
    network type in Kimchi called 'passthrough'</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-48'>danielhb</a>,
    13:09:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger]  danielhb is at this moment working in
    SR-IOV fixes after testing the backend in real hardware</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-49'>danielhb</a>,
    13:09:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru Completely separated guest
    static updates functions from live update functions;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-50'>rotru</a>,
    13:12:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru Fixed mockmodel functions to
    support memory devices;</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-51'>rotru</a>,
    13:12:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[GingerBase] rotru Sent patch to improved
    capabilities and their log messages [waiting review/commit];</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-52'>rotru</a>,
    13:12:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru Sent patch to add feature tests
    log messages [waiting review/commit];</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-53'>rotru</a>,
    13:12:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] samhenri sent Storage Management patch
    v5</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-54'>samhenri</a>,
    13:14:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru Finished final version (v2) of
    Memory HotPlug support to memory devices greater than 1GB.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-55'>rotru</a>,
    13:17:35)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html#l-58'>alinefm</a>, 13:20:18)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 14:17:32 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-05-25-13.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (81)</li>
  <li>pvital (22)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (18)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (11)</li>
  <li>samhenri (10)</li>
  <li>rotru (6)</li>
  <li>danielhb (5)</li>
  <li>ramonn (3)</li>
  <li>ziviani (3)</li>
  <li>lagarcia (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
