<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:34 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:26)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>, 13:03:27)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital is still working in issue
    #817</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-16'>pvital</a>,
    13:03:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] submitted patches: "Fix error message
    for IOMMU configuration." and "Add python-pillow as RPM
    dependency."</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-17'>pvital</a>,
    13:03:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger] [Gingerbase]
    [GingerS390x] pvital reviewed patches</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-18'>pvital</a>,
    13:03:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm sent patches to verify IBM
    license header and copyright date on make check-local</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm removed legacy widgets
    code</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-20'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani sent patch (serial web
    console) for review</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-21'>ziviani</a>,
    13:04:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] ramonn working on bug about tuned
    service link on rpm installation</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-22'>ramonn</a>,
    13:04:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm sent patch to fix server
    redirection on resource update</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] worked on issues #139,#141,#163</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-24'>Abhiram18</a>,
    13:04:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] reviewed code</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-25'>ziviani</a>,
    13:04:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia sent to ML RFC for user activity
    log functionality</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-26'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia will start implementation of
    user activity log functionality</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-27'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia got backend feature upstream:
    include option to specify max_vcpu and current_vcpu separately per
    guest/template</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-28'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia working on fixing VLAN
    handling for bridged networks in backend</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-29'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia will work to handle
    notifications for host ENOSPC from libvirt in kimchi backend</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-30'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani applied code review to serial
    webconsole and sent for review again</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-31'>ziviani</a>,
    13:05:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] [kimchi] danielhb reviewed patches</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-34'>danielhb</a>,
    13:08:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger*] danielhb reviewed patches and pushed
    them upstream</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-35'>danielhb</a>,
    13:08:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">sent patches on help content to reflect the
    latest UI for Ginger/GingerBase</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-37'>chandra</a>,
    13:09:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">WalterNik [wok] [Ginger] [Gingerbase]
    [GingerS390x] Trying to get some understanding on UI accessabilty
    requirements</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-38'>WalterNik</a>,
    13:09:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru [kimchi] I am changing now the KIMCHI API
    to expose memory and maxmemory as  memory: { current: , maxmemory} .
    There are lots of changes in the tests.  I will also have to rebase
    my code with latest code of maxcpus.... still need more time</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-39'>rotru</a>,
    13:09:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">sent patch for having libvirtd service start
    first if ginger installed</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-40'>chandra</a>,
    13:10:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru Reviewed/Tested maxmemory UI patch</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-41'>rotru</a>,
    13:11:16)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html#l-46'>alinefm</a>, 13:13:50)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:19:49 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-02-10-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (31)</li>
  <li>pvital (6)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (6)</li>
  <li>lagarcia (5)</li>
  <li>rotru (5)</li>
  <li>ramonn (4)</li>
  <li>WalterNik (4)</li>
  <li>ziviani (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>danielhb (2)</li>
  <li>Abhiram18 (2)</li>
  <li>chandra (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
