===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:05:17 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-02-04-13.05.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:05:26)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:08:06)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:08:06)
  * YuXin Patch v2 of Webfont Icon Library to re-organize folder and Add
    License  (YuXin, 13:08:10)
  * YuXin Patch v2/v3 of Grid Widget with Sample  (YuXin, 13:08:10)
  * YuXin Patch v2 of Tabs Widget with Sample  (YuXin, 13:08:10)
  * YuXin Patch v2 of Line Chart Widget with Sample  (YuXin, 13:08:10)
  * YuXin Patch v1 of Grid View of Network  (YuXin, 13:08:10)
  * alinefm got storage volumes patches merged  (alinefm, 13:08:16)
  * alinefm is now working on templates tests  (alinefm, 13:08:26)
  * wenwang sent patch of menu widget  (wenwang, 13:08:38)
  * alinefm reviewed new UI widgets  (alinefm, 13:08:47)
  * wenwang sent patch of list widget  (wenwang, 13:08:49)
  * royce submitted patchset fixing error usage of feature tests,
    submitted upload volume patches, reviewed patches in ML  (royce,
    13:09:12)
  * wenwang sent patch of select menu  (wenwang, 13:10:04)
  * wenwang sent patch of sample to each widget  (wenwang, 13:10:16)
  * worked on test_vm_disk fails issue. Discovery that the issue only
    happens on /root directory.  (ramonn, 13:10:41)
  * searching for another bug  (ramonn, 13:10:50)
  * wenwang is working on changing kimchi UI with new widget now
    (wenwang, 13:10:54)
  * YuXin Plan of UI Phase 2  (YuXin, 13:11:28)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:21:38)



Meeting ended at 13:33:56 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (39)
* YuXin (33)
* wenwang (11)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* royce (3)
* ramonn (2)
* blergh- (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4