<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 12:00:11 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    12:00:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    12:00:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    12:00:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 12:03:36)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    12:03:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm fixed issues #146 (do not display
    wok tab for non-admin users) and #169 (display user log date in
    numeric format)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    12:04:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[gingerbase] alinefm fixed issue #122 (allow
    user enable/edit repositories when updates section is loaded)</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    12:05:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] [danielhb] fixed a password issue in WoK
    login page</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-16'>danielhb</a>,
    12:05:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] [danielhb] fixed live migration
    issues</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-17'>danielhb</a>,
    12:05:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[gingerbase] alinefm sent patch to improve the
    way the dashboard is loaded avoiding unnecessary requests to
    server</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    12:06:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia added USB controller support
    for PCI hotplug</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-20'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:06:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia removed all checkings for
    PowerKVM</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-21'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:06:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia fixed Fedora ISO
    identification issue</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-22'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:06:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open
    Power HostOS branches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-23'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:06:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] bianca is back from vacation and
    started to work in an issue related to Volume Group sizes in Storage
    tab (#226). Investigating if the problem is still happening.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-24'>danielhb</a>,
    12:06:30)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html#l-28'>alinefm</a>, 12:16:55)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 12:21:09 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-10-19-12.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (19)</li>
  <li>danielhb (6)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (5)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
