===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:06:01 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:06:52)
* 1) Wok Status  (alinefm, 13:06:52)
* 2) Kimchi Status  (alinefm, 13:06:52)
* 3) Ginger Base status  (alinefm, 13:06:52)
* 4) Ginger status  (alinefm, 13:06:52)
* 5) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:06:54)
* Wok Status  (alinefm, 13:07:54)
  * alinefm is currently working on proxy websockets port to nginx so
    there will be no need to open 64667 port on firewall configuration
    (alinefm, 13:08:28)
  * peterpennings sent patch to ML to include typeahead library wich is
    needed by sysmodules and sr-iov in Ginger.  (peterpennings,
    13:10:21)
  * rotru Sent patch to change Wok backup log files rotation. Makes it a
    configurable option in /etc/wok.conf and set default number of
    backup log files to 10. Waiting for review/commit;  (rotru,
    13:10:27)
  * danielhb sent a patch to turn run_command default language to
    English  (danielhb, 13:11:09)
  * lcorreia will work on user log functionality  (lcorreia, 13:11:36)

* Kimchi Status  (alinefm, 13:13:38)
  * ziviani tested kimchi in all spported distros and opened bugs
    (ziviani, 13:14:20)
  * peterpennings is working on memory hot plug  (peterpennings,
    13:14:28)
  * alinefm updated the github wiki pages for Kimchi project. An issue
    was open for each feature listed in the Backlog page and the Backlog
    page was deleted.  (alinefm, 13:14:34)
  * rotru Sent RFC for Configure Guest Max Memory (backend/frontend).
    Working in v2 of backend changes;  (rotru, 13:14:57)
  * rotru Tested Template in Fedora. Issue #771 is still reproducible.
    Investigating backend returns;  (rotru, 13:14:57)
  * lcorreia tested Kimchi Network tab in RHEL 7.2  (lcorreia, 13:15:01)
  * lcorreia restarted work to include option to specify max_vcpu and
    current_vcpu separately per guest in Kimchi backend  (lcorreia,
    13:15:01)
  * lcorreia will work to handle notifications for host ENOSPC from
    libvirt in kimchi backend  (lcorreia, 13:15:01)
  * samhenri working on Live Migration delete function. Passwordless
    login fixed.  (samhenri, 13:15:22)
  * andreteodoro implemented sort for Templates tab  (alteodoro,
    13:15:44)
  * ramonn working on websockify update (trying to reach community for
    help)  (ramonn, 13:16:21)
  * ramonn did not worked last two days by college evaluation.  (ramonn,
    13:16:39)

* Ginger Base Status  (alinefm, 13:19:11)
  * pvital submitted the patch: [Gingerbase] Issue #19: Fix HTTP return
    code of host updated.  (pvital, 13:19:35)
  * pvital tested Dashboard and Update tabs of Gingerbase 2.0 in
    Fedora23, Ubuntu 15.10, OpenSUSE LEAP and RHEL 7.5  (pvital,
    13:19:36)
  * andreteodoro is currently working on Sysmodules (SRIOV) tab
    (alteodoro, 13:20:45)

* Ginger Status  (alinefm, 13:24:20)
  * pvital submitted the patch: [Ginger] Add FirmwareProgress UI
    (pvital, 13:25:13)
  * pvital is working in V3 of the patch: [Ginger] Prevent AsyncTask
    timeout error during FW Update.  (pvital, 13:25:13)
  * ziviani opened bugs and sent patches  (ziviani, 13:25:50)
  * danielhb reviewed/pushed gingerbase patches, fixed bugs and managed
    gingerbase Github issues  (danielhb, 13:26:29)
  * danielhb fixed half a dozen Ginger github issues, reviewed and
    pushed 64 patches upstream, engaged into several design discussions
    about current and future features  (danielhb, 13:29:24)
  * cbosdonnat is getting last release in opensuse build service
    (cbosdonnat, 13:31:33)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:37:47)



Meeting ended at 13:52:50 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (45)
* samhenri (15)
* lcorreia (7)
* pvital (6)
* danielhb (4)
* ziviani (3)
* ramonn (3)
* rotru (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* peterpennings (2)
* alteodoro (2)
* cbosdonnat (1)
* lbianc (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4