<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jul  6 13:02:17 2016 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">scrum</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kimchi-bot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">1) Plans for next release</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2) Status</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">3) Open discussion</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:03:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:03:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> so let's get started
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:04:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Plans for next release</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Schedule for next release: https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/wiki/Planning-2.3</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:04:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">All the 4 projects (wok, kimchi, ginger and ginger base) will follow these dates</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Wok and Kimchi 2.3</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:05:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Ginger 2.3</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:05:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Ginger Base 2.2.1 if no new features are planned for that, otherwise 2.3. I am still discussing that with danielhb</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I will send an email to the ML with the features planned and proper add it to the github wiki
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:06:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any suggestion is more than welcome
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any question?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:06:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ziviani&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:06:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> what about the features and tasks to develop?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:07:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I will send an email to the ML with the features planned and proper add it to the github wiki
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:08:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I will do that still today
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:08:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:08:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:09:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] danielhb fixed a couple of Kimchi bugs</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;peterpennings&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Ginger] peterpennings is working on improvements on Configuration Backup UI</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:09:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Kimchi] danielhb is finishing the dreaded Virt Viewer Launch feature</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:09:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] samhenri sent patch containing Datatables.net and Moment.JS</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:09:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] samhenri sent some mockups for Ginger sidebar to Wok mailing list as it would require changes in Wok JS files</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:09:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:09:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pvital&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[Wok] pvital is investigating some performance issues in wokd (high CPU consumption when idle)</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:10:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] samhenri currently working on Global Network Configuration redesign</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ziviani&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] ziviani is improving the device attachment code to handle libvirt events</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:10:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bianca&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] bianca Investigated issue related to "Deleting Configuration Backup file(created using ginger) in command line is not reflecting back in the UI." After some discussion, we thought maybe would be good to include headers in tar files (using tar pax_headers). Due to compatibility issues in old versions, best solution is compare backup dir with system database to check which files has been added and deleted in the backup directory. Working on</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:10:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bianca&gt;</span> that.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:10:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bianca&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] bianca Also got another bug related to backup files, if the back up times out and the the tar is not good then the file needs to be removed from back up directory.</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ziviani&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[kimchi] ziviani is working on issues with multi-function hotplug</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:11:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[wok] lcorreia sent V1 of run_command improvements for firmware update</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:11:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] lcorreia sent V1 of firmware update backend/UI improvements</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:11:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lcorreia&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">[ginger] lcorreia sent V1 of firmware update failure UI improvements</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:14:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> samhenri, have the changes on network API commented by Chandra already merged upstream?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:14:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, ^
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:14:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> samhenri, just to make sure we will not have any conflict
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:15:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielhb&gt;</span> alinefm, what network API changes?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> not yet, i saw that socorro sent a patch to SR-IOV that interacts with Network Configuration and it was applied to master
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:16:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> danielhb, I am not sure exactly but Chandra commented last scrum meeting that there were some people working on network API changes and that may impact the redesign
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:16:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> but the Global Configuration redesign shouldn't impact other changes
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:16:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> samhenri, ok - did you get any input from Chandra in the last days?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> in fact, I've posted some screenshots to the Github issue
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:17:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> oh ok
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> I will check there so
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:17:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> can we move on?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:17:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;samhenri&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:18:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Open Discussion</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:18:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> any other topic for today?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ziviani&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> a quick meeting today
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:21:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> thanks everyone for joining!
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:21:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alinefm&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
