===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:04:12 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2014-07-09-13.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:04:31)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:05:59)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:05:59)
  * alinefm reviewed and commented all RFC sent to ML  (alinefm,
    13:06:18)
  * alinefm investigated a way to implement federation and figure out
    openSLP is a good solution for us  (alinefm, 13:06:44)
  * wenwang working authorization: remove host/template tabs for
    non-root users  (wenwang, 13:10:11)
  * alinefm is working on openSLP implementation  (alinefm, 13:11:00)
  * wenwang working on remove actions menu from storage/network tabs for
    non-rooot users/ emove [+] icon from non-root users view  (wenwang,
    13:11:22)
  * alinefm got agreement about the authorization design - I will do
    some adjustments in the backend  (alinefm, 13:11:37)
  * shaohef is working on vm ticket.  (shaohef, 13:12:46)
  * wenwang working on widget that offer multiple choice works for
    assigning VM to users(assisting YuXin)  (wenwang, 13:14:26)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:19:44)



Meeting ended at 13:58:28 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (37)
* lagarcia (37)
* shaohef (18)
* YuXin (8)
* wenwang (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4