===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:00 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-07-13-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:02:12)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:02:13)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:13)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:04)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:05)
  * [kimchi] ziviani sent a patch to handle events for PCI passthrough
    (ziviani, 13:03:35)
  * [Ginger] peterpennings is working on configuration backup ui,
    redesign  (peterpennings, 13:03:45)
  * [*] updated open power hostos repos on github  (ziviani, 13:04:03)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:04:08)
  * [Wok] pvital is investigating some performance issues in wokd (high
    CPU consumption when idle)  (pvital, 13:04:08)
  * [Wok] pvital submitted patch "Use system's nginx proxy service." and
    is working in V2 (facing some issues in Fedora24)  (pvital,
    13:04:08)
  * [*] peterpennings is working on mocks for new features
    (peterpennings, 13:04:25)
  * [kimchi] ziviani has been working with multifunction PCI passthrough
    issues  (ziviani, 13:04:34)
  * [Ginger] bianca working on an issue related to backup of large
    files, system times out and the UI displays an error message, still
    investigating cause and possible solutions.  (bianca, 13:05:28)
  * [Ginger] bianca submitted patch "Removing the config files (using
    command line) not reflecting in the UI"  (bianca, 13:05:28)
  * [Ginger]  danielhb is fixing issues flagged as '2.3' milestone in
    Github  (danielhb, 13:06:03)
  * [kimchi] ramonn resend patch about "set boot order". Waiting review
    (ramonn, 13:08:54)
  * [kimchi] ramonn sent RFC to "set bootmenu". Waiting reply  (ramonn,
    13:09:14)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:10:13)
  * [Ginger] samhenri sent patch for Global Network Configuration
    (peterpennings, 13:12:28)
  * [Ginger] samhenri sent patch to add scrollbars in System Services
    panels  (peterpennings, 13:12:32)
  * [Wok] samhenri sent mockups for third level navigation that should
    be implemented with Ginger  (peterpennings, 13:12:36)
  * [Kimchi] samhenri currently working on PCI devices when editing
    guesrs  (peterpennings, 13:12:41)



Meeting ended at 13:17:40 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (24)
* peterpennings (9)
* pvital (5)
* ramonn (5)
* ziviani (4)
* danielhb (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* bianca (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4