===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:10:32 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-12-09-13.10.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:10:32)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:11:57)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:11:57)
  * ziviani fixed gingerbase issue gingerbase #8  (ziviani, 13:12:03)
  * ziviani fixed gingerbase issue kimchi #781 and #782  (ziviani,
    13:12:04)
  * ziviani tested new Kimchi (and opened new bugs)  (ziviani, 13:12:04)
  * ziviani reviewed code  (ziviani, 13:12:04)
  * ziviani is working on bugs  (ziviani, 13:12:04)
  * alinefm separated wok and gingerbase into new git repositories and
    properly configured git-submodule on wok  (alinefm, 13:12:36)
  * alinefm working on bug fixes  (alinefm, 13:13:08)
  * chandra trying to create a network tab and design the pages as per
    the mockups shared in the community for ginger  (chandra, 13:13:21)
  * alinefm is currently working on new navigation issues  (alinefm,
    13:13:21)
  * pvital is working on Ginger community's issue #051.  (pvital_,
    13:13:22)
  * pvital submitted patchset to fix Kimchi testcases errors on Fedora
    23. Will submit V2 for some of them ASAP.  (pvital_, 13:13:22)
  * pvital investigated the Wok community's issues #001 and #002.
    (pvital_, 13:13:22)
  * pvital reviewed some patches from Wok, Kimchi, Ginger Base and
    Ginger.  (pvital_, 13:13:22)
  * reviewed some of the patches in the community  (chandra, 13:14:00)
  * samhenri fixing #770, #772, #773, #783 and #784  (samhenri,
    13:14:35)
  * alteodoro Working on the Templates screen filter  (alteodoro,
    13:14:58)
  * danielhb reviewed patches related to Live Migration UI and others
    (danielhb, 13:15:08)
  * ramonn having some issue to lookup for storagepool and
    storagevolumes at kimchi/vmtemplate.py  (ramonn, 13:15:57)
  * lucio worked on some fixes for kimchi: show network type correctly,
    UI tweaks for Linux bridge and OVS support, OVS command output
    handling fix, RPM build version error  (lcorreia, 13:16:29)
  * lucio worked on some fixes for ginger: support to dnf in
    repositories/package update, inclusion of python-apt dep for Ubuntu
    (lcorreia, 13:16:29)
  * lucio reported issue #788  (lcorreia, 13:16:29)
  * lucio working on making Ginger noarch and general RPM build issues
    for wok and all plugins  (lcorreia, 13:16:29)
  * lucio will work on issues after that  (lcorreia, 13:16:30)
  * ramonn working on a feature to identify installation media. Have
    success on identify media, but need to create some logic to identify
    disk pool  (ramonn, 13:16:48)
  * ramonn will look how to do this by libvirt api  (ramonn, 13:16:59)
  * WalterNik reviewed networking, storage and zIO UI proposal for
    ginger and gingers390x  (WalterNik, 13:18:01)
  * lucio fixed issue 766 - define network interface on libvirt
    (lcorreia, 13:18:28)
  * rotru Finished patchset (v9) that support multiple disks in
    Templates, including scripting to update objectstore, remotion of
    'storagepool' tag from backend, update of lots of tests and other
    fixes. Patches were committed, thanks alinefm for the help;  (rotru,
    13:20:27)
  * rotru Sent patch to fix to Issue #753: Avoid store max_memory in
    Templates records;  (rotru, 13:20:47)
  * rotru Sent patches to upstream to change Memory Management: Set
    memory hard_limit / Set max_memory to 4*Memory / Set max_memory
    limit to 1TB.  (rotru, 13:21:29)
  * rotru Working in Issue: #700  (rotru, 13:21:54)
  * rotru Tested some parts of new UI and opened some bugs  (rotru,
    13:23:07)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:27:29)



Meeting ended at 13:32:21 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (32)
* ziviani (9)
* lcorreia (9)
* samhenri (7)
* pvital_ (6)
* rotru (6)
* chandra (5)
* ramonn (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* alteodoro (2)
* WalterNik (2)
* danielhb (1)
* lagarcia (1)
* jcbmna (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4