===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:51 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-04-27-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:02:00)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:02:00)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:00)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:02:58)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:02:58)
  * [kimchi] socorro Continue to make adjustments on create template UI
    based on feedback  (alinefm, 13:03:22)
  * [kimchi] socorro Off and on working on Edit Virtual Network UI
    (alinefm, 13:03:22)
  * [kimchi] socorro Test/Review Kimchi patches  (alinefm, 13:03:22)
  * [gingerbase] peterpennings is still working on update selected
    packages only  (peterpennings, 13:03:38)
  * [Wok] samhenri sent patch to update wok.list.js  (samhenri,
    13:03:41)
  * [Ginger] samhenri working on OVS bridges front-end v2  (samhenri,
    13:04:08)
  * [kimchi] sent patches, already applied, to improve the feature test
    performance  (ziviani, 13:04:08)
  * [ginger] lcorreia is discussing design for fix in fibre channel
    listing  (lcorreia, 13:04:32)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia sent V1 for VEPA network tests  (lcorreia,
    13:04:32)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia is working on handling libvirt event ENOSPC
    (lcorreia, 13:04:32)
  * [Gingerbase] samhenri sent patch to allow multiple selection in
    Debug Reports and Repositories + initial support for mobile
    navigation  (samhenri, 13:04:41)
  * [wok] [kimchi] [ginger*] Reviewed and tested patches from ML
    (alinefm, 13:04:49)
  * [ginger*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb,
    13:05:03)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is working on a bug in ligbuestfs with libvirt,
    still investigating but looks to happen in newer versions of fedora
    and rhel  (ziviani, 13:05:08)
  * [Kimchi] rotru sent patch to fix race condition in guest lookup;
    (rotru, 13:05:08)
  * [Wok] rotru sent patch to fix collection get_list return when
    resource lookup fails;  (rotru, 13:05:09)
  * [kimchi] rotru sent path to fix error message when user edit
    Templates and pass an empty disk list;  (rotru, 13:05:09)
  * [Kimchi] rotru sent patch to fix typo and integer evaluation in
    Guest edit window;  (rotru, 13:05:09)
  * [Wok] rotru still coding Enable/Disable plugins feature;  (rotru,
    13:05:09)
  * [ginger*] danielhb working in SR-IOV support for ConnectX-4 cards.
    danielhb intends to finish this work this week  (danielhb, 13:05:24)
  * [Kimchi] pvital commented in pull request #932  (pvital, 13:06:00)
  * ramonn [ginger] will send patch to fix update issues  (ramonn,
    13:07:49)
  * ramonn [kimchi] merged patch that fix template update (UI)  (ramonn,
    13:08:10)
  * [ginger] ramonn  will send patch to fix update issues  (ramonn,
    13:08:38)
  * [kimchi] ramonn will send patch to fix update issues  (ramonn,
    13:08:50)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:09:53)
  * LINK: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=913774  (ziviani,
    13:18:41)



Meeting ended at 13:41:40 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (58)
* ziviani (35)
* rotru (17)
* lagarcia (9)
* pvital (7)
* ramonn (6)
* danielhb (5)
* samhenri (4)
* lcorreia (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* transhuman (1)
* peterpennings (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4