<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 12:01:06 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    12:01:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    12:01:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    12:01:14)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 12:02:53)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    12:02:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] danielhb sent patches to implement CPU
    hot plug/unplug</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-14'>danielhb</a>,
    12:03:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on
    packaging for Debian/Ubuntu</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-15'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:03:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open
    Power HostOS branches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-16'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:03:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm is working on issue #175 to do
    not generate nginx conf file on the fly and make adjustments on
    plugins accordingly</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    12:03:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] bianca is working on issue #410: UI is
    not updated after brigging an interface down/up.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-18'>bianca</a>,
    12:03:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] bianca is working on issue #396:
    Network Configuration - Add/Delete BOND interface errors.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-19'>bianca</a>,
    12:03:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] bianca sent a patch for issue #452:
    Cannot enable/disable network interfaces.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-20'>bianca</a>,
    12:03:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] bianca sent a patch for issue #397:
    Network Configuration - Bring VLAN interface up.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-21'>bianca</a>,
    12:03:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] bianca sent a patch for issue
    #137: "Update All" button should be disabled when the update
    successfully finished.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-22'>bianca</a>,
    12:03:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] danielhb is now working in UI
    improvements in the CPU configuration of guests and templates</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-23'>danielhb</a>,
    12:03:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] bianca sent a patch for issue
    #148: Page is not refreshing after update all packages in the
    list.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-24'>bianca</a>,
    12:03:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] alinefm started investigation about
    reattaching PCI devices to host when detaching them from
    guest</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-25'>alinefm</a>,
    12:04:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn sent patch to fix kernel
    modules listing</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-27'>ramonn</a>,
    12:06:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] ramonn sent patch to fix locale and
    language default set</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-28'>ramonn</a>,
    12:07:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn investigating problems when
    creating network interfaces with DHCP at networks without dynamic
    ip</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-29'>ramonn</a>,
    12:07:55)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html#l-32'>alinefm</a>, 12:09:47)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 12:13:30 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (20)</li>
  <li>bianca (7)</li>
  <li>danielhb (6)</li>
  <li>ramonn (5)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
