===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by danielhb at 13:01:55 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-07-27-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Agenda  (danielhb, 13:02:19)
* 1) Status  (danielhb, 13:02:20)
* 2) Open discussion  (danielhb, 13:02:20)
* Status  (danielhb, 13:03:42)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (danielhb, 13:03:48)
  * [*] danielhb applied and reviewed patches  (danielhb, 13:04:06)
  * [Gingerbase] peterpennings is working on some bug fixes on Host
    Updates tab  (peterpennings, 13:04:19)
  * [Ginger] danielhb fixed a couple of gGithub issues  (danielhb,
    13:04:30)
  * [Wok] peterpennings is working on a improvement in user session
    timeout alert  (peterpennings, 13:04:54)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:04:57)
  * [Wok] pvital submitted V4 patch to "Use system's nginx proxy
    service"  (pvital, 13:04:57)
  * [Gingerbase] pvital tested an approach to reduce high CPU
    consumption when wokd is in idle mode by creating a new plugin code
    for HostStatsModel class.  There is no difference with normal
    execution.  (pvital, 13:04:57)
  * [Gingerbase] pvital is investigating new ways to reduce high CPU
    consumption when wokd is in idle mode caused by HostStatsModel
    class.  (pvital, 13:04:57)
  * [*] danielhb is now replacing alinefm on her vacations and will be
    focused mostly on mailing list reviews of all 5 plug-ins  (danielhb,
    13:05:02)
  * [kimchi] sureshab working on enabling kimchi for s390x  (suresh,
    13:05:03)
  * [kimchi] ramonn waiting for review  (ramonn, 13:05:13)
  * [wok] ramonn working to set UI to use js libraries from rpms
    (ramonn, 13:05:28)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] socorro Tested/Reviewed patches  (danielhb, 13:06:41)
  * [*] socorro Followed up/Updated various bugzilla/github issues with
    (danielhb, 13:06:42)
  * [*] socorro accurate status/info where needed; requested for some
    issues  (danielhb, 13:06:42)
  * [*] socorro to be retried by test as they are no longer reproducable
    in  (danielhb, 13:06:42)
  * [*] socorro our environment - Ginger issue# 350, Kimchi issue# 948,
    953  (danielhb, 13:06:42)
  * [Kimchi] socorro Started looking at new request regarding PCI
    passthrough  (danielhb, 13:06:43)
  * [Kimchi] socorro companions but at the same time, there were still
    issues being  (danielhb, 13:06:45)
  * [Kimchi] socorro worked on by Samuel/Ziviani in the same code base
    that made it hard  (danielhb, 13:06:47)
  * [kimchi] ziviani had patches applied upstream  (ziviani, 13:06:49)
  * [Kimchi] socorro to keep up as it was a moving target.  Per
    discussion w/Ziviani, he  (danielhb, 13:06:49)
  * [Kimchi] socorro will work on it as it made sense to do so as I will
    be on vacation  (danielhb, 13:06:51)
  * [Kimchi] socorro soon but will provide any assistance if needed
    until then  (danielhb, 13:06:53)
  * [Kimchi] socorro Requested to have patch resent for Kimchi issue#
    968  (danielhb, 13:06:55)
  * [Kimchi] socorro as I was not able to apply it; turns out it
    depended on another  (danielhb, 13:06:57)
  * [Kimchi] socorro patch being applied first.  Updated to latest src
    in order  (danielhb, 13:06:59)
  * [Kimchi] socorro to test and it turns out I need to upgrade Ubuntu
    due to  (danielhb, 13:07:01)
  * [Kimchi] socorro python-libvirt not supporting new nginx process
    (danielhb, 13:07:03)
  * [Kimchi] socorro Netboot template applied upstream  (danielhb,
    13:07:05)
  * [kimchi] ziviani sent small fix for passthrough frontend  (ziviani,
    13:07:15)
  * [*] ziviani updated openpower tree on github  (ziviani, 13:07:34)
  * [kimchi] ziviani started working on cpu/memory hotplug  (ziviani,
    13:07:57)
  * [Kimchi][Wok] bianca  submitted 2 patches "Kimchi kills Wokd due to
    sys.exit() calls in files networks.py and storagepools.py"  (bianca,
    13:08:31)
  * [Ginger] bianca is still working on a issue related to time out when
    generating configuration backups. Testing to make sure solution is
    working, should be implemented soon.  (bianca, 13:08:31)

* Open Discussion  (danielhb, 13:14:13)

Meeting ended at 13:16:22 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* danielhb (33)
* pvital (6)
* bianca (5)
* ziviani (5)
* ramonn (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* peterpennings (2)
* suresh (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
