<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 12:59:54 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-5'>alinefm</a>,
    12:59:54)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-10'>alinefm</a>, 13:01:44)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-11'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">WalterNik working on the definition of the
    usecase for setup uplinks in Open vSwitch in ginger.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-12'>WalterNik</a>,
    13:02:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patches to fix some issues: deb
    build for gingerbase, ISO streaming detection support, video model
    for Fedora22+, track task while creating/cloning guests</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm is now working on creating a logical
    pool from an exiting VG</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital worked in the task 'Guest memory
    usage'.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-15'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital worked in the V2 of the issue related to
    objectstore information update when upgrading from Kimchi 1.5.1 to
    Kimchi 2.0. Waiting review.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-16'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital worked in the task 'Create storage
    volume when attaching disk to a guest'</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-17'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital submitted patches to Wok/Kimchi
    community: Guest memory utilization; Issue #751: Fix guest memory
    utilization calculation; Upgrade ObjectStore data to Kimchi-2.0
    (V2); Create new storage volume when attaching disk to a
    guest.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-18'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital reviewed some patches and RFCs from
    Kimchi, Ginger Base and Ginger.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-19'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital is working in the V2 of the patches
    submitted and reviewed.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-20'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">suresh pushed patch to fix issue 1 in
    gingers390x</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-21'>suresh</a>,
    13:04:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lucio sent host part of OVS bridges recognition
    to review last week</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-23'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lucio discussed design around Linux bridge
    support</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-24'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lucio applied code review for Linux bridge
    support feature - missing test cases and test</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-25'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lucio will do the OVS bridges recognition guest
    network part (and test cases) after finishing linux bridge
    support</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-26'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">atreyee working on issue # 746 new navigation
    bar</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-27'>atreyee</a>,
    13:05:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">danielhb reviewed and tested patches in the
    ML</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-28'>danielhb</a>,
    13:05:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">samhenri sent new-ui patches yesterday</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-29'>samhenri</a>,
    13:05:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">danielhb sent a version of the non shared
    storage live migration  for review</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-31'>danielhb</a>,
    13:06:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">samhenri currently working on edit guests modal
    windows</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-33'>samhenri</a>,
    13:06:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">andreteodoro working on Guests screen new
    ui</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-34'>andreteodoro</a>,
    13:07:08)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html#l-73'>alinefm</a>, 13:18:48)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:46:06 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2015-11-11-12.59.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (50)</li>
  <li>samhenri (34)</li>
  <li>pvital (20)</li>
  <li>rotru (16)</li>
  <li>atreyee (12)</li>
  <li>danielhb (8)</li>
  <li>WalterNik (8)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (5)</li>
  <li>jansch (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>andreteodoro (1)</li>
  <li>suresh (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
