13:00:46 <alinefm> #startmeeting
13:00:46 <kimchi-bot> Meeting started Tue Dec 30 13:00:46 2014 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:00:46 <kimchi-bot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:00:46 <alinefm> #meetingname scrum
13:00:46 <kimchi-bot> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
13:01:00 <alinefm> #info Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion
13:01:00 <alinefm> anything else?
13:01:13 <royce> good for me
13:01:26 <alinefm> #topic Status
13:01:26 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname> <status>
13:01:42 <alinefm> #info alinefm sent patches for bug fixes and network tests
13:02:17 <alinefm> #info alinefm tagged some issues to 1.4.1 release: https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/milestones/Kimchi%201.4.1
13:02:35 <royce> #info royce implementing sliced upload, now working on tests, also sent a patch of storage volume ref_count
13:02:42 <YuXin> #info YuXin Reviewing new UI spec in detail from implementation perspective
13:03:29 <YuXin> #info YuXin Design & Impl Grid Widget
13:04:39 <vianac> #info vianac worked on issue #544
13:07:21 <alinefm> thanks for the update, team!
13:07:33 <alinefm> #topic Open Discussion
13:07:38 <alinefm> any topic for today?
13:08:09 <lagarcia> hehe seems this one is going to be the fastest scrum ever :)
13:08:39 <YuXin> jquery UI 1.11 is released and there is a new widget added
13:08:52 <YuXin> we should upgrade jquery UI to 1.11
13:09:09 <alinefm> lagarcia, I have the same feeling =)
13:09:12 <alinefm> YuXin, good for me
13:09:22 <alinefm> YuXin, the license keeps the same, right?
13:09:28 <alinefm> I mean, the jquery 1.11
13:09:28 <YuXin> should be
13:09:32 <YuXin> yes
13:09:39 <alinefm> so no problem
13:09:53 <YuXin> ok
13:10:07 <YuXin> http://api.jqueryui.com/selectmenu/
13:11:02 <alinefm> great
13:12:03 <alinefm> anything else?
13:12:32 <alinefm> royce, could you solve the problems with the sliced upload?
13:13:35 <alinefm> oh I forgot to mention, but I haven't created a todo page for 1.4.1 release because I think we can use the issues for this release
13:13:48 <alinefm> if you think we still need the todo page, let me know
13:13:49 <royce> yes, the cleaning part I'm doing, but the test fails today, I haven't changed tests completely
13:15:19 <alinefm> ok
13:15:52 <royce> BTW, my manager asked about Simon's migration
13:16:11 <royce> about if we are planning to merge that in this release...
13:16:27 <alinefm> no... it will be merged for 1.5 release
13:16:37 <alinefm> I don't think it is ready now
13:17:01 <alinefm> so if needed we can assign it to someone else
13:18:15 <royce> Got it
13:20:33 <alinefm> anything else for today?
13:21:42 <alinefm> ok...
13:21:50 <alinefm> thanks everyone for joining!
13:21:55 <alinefm> and Happy new Year! =)
13:22:39 <alinefm> looking forward for what we will do in 2015
13:22:39 <YuXin> happy new year
13:22:41 <alinefm> #endmeeting