===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:12 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2014-09-17-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:01:22)
* YuXin testing on redhat  (YuXin, 13:02:45)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:02:47)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:02:47)
  * wenwang sent patch fix bug 426 Create 'bridge' network, when no
    interface available, it popup error.  (wenwang, 13:03:05)
  * wenwang sent patch fix bug #420 UI: Pop up errors when log out at
    "Host" tab  (wenwang, 13:03:51)
  * alinefm sent patches to update debug reports view in order to
    display the debug reports in progress for all users  (alinefm,
    13:04:08)
  * royce send patch to fix eject cdrom  (royce, 13:04:19)
  * wenwang tested kimchi on rhel 6.5 help with test matrix filling
    (wenwang, 13:04:26)
  * alinefm helped Hongliang with the patches for upload/download UI
    (alinefm, 13:04:29)
  * royce help to look at filter volume when attaching disk problem, now
    writing patches  (royce, 13:05:08)
  * alinefm sent patches to fix some bugs related to nginx config and
    download/upload features  (alinefm, 13:05:18)
  * alinefm testing Kimchi on openSUSE 13.1  (alinefm, 13:05:38)
  * royce sent patch about software manger unexpeced config param
    problem  (royce, 13:05:46)
  * royce testing Kimchi with ubuntu 14.04  (royce, 13:06:06)
  * vianac tested Kimchi on Fedora 20 and opened a few bugs; testing
    patch for issue #433; reviewed patches on the mailing list  (vianac,
    13:06:06)
  * baude waiting for comments from alinefm on v2 of my graphics patch,
    submitted patch for adding custom mac addresses and I am addressing
    peer review comments.  (baude, 13:09:08)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:13:33)
  * pvital submitted patch with help pages translated to new languages
    (pvital, 13:22:34)
  * pvital reviewed some patches on ML  (pvital, 13:22:49)



Meeting ended at 13:39:28 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (52)
* YuXin (14)
* wenwang (10)
* royce (10)
* baude (6)
* pvital (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* vianac (2)
* rotru (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4