13:00:19 <alinefm> #startmeeting
13:00:19 <kimchi-bot> Meeting started Wed Jul 20 13:00:19 2016 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:00:19 <kimchi-bot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:00:19 <alinefm> #meetingname scrum
13:00:19 <kimchi-bot> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
13:00:46 <alinefm> #info Agenda
13:00:46 <alinefm> #info 1) Status
13:00:46 <alinefm> #info 2) Open discussion
13:00:47 <alinefm> anything else?
13:01:11 <ziviani> no
13:01:35 <ramonn> nop
13:01:40 <alinefm> #topic Status
13:01:40 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project] <nickname> <status>
13:02:14 <alinefm> #info [Wok] socorro Tested/Reviewed patch
13:02:14 <alinefm> #info [*] socorro Followed up/Updated various bugzilla/github issues with
13:02:14 <alinefm> #info [*] socorro accurate status/info where needed
13:02:14 <alinefm> #info [Kimchi] socorro - Sent v3 of netboot template to ML for review.  Thanks
13:02:14 <alinefm> #info [Kimchi] socorro - to Samuel for helping when needed
13:02:16 <alinefm> #info [Kimchi] socorro - Will start looking at new request regarding PCI passthrough
13:02:21 <peterpennings> #info [Ginger] peterpennings just sent patch about improvementes on configuration backup UI
13:02:24 <pvital> #info [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches
13:02:25 <pvital> #info  [Wok] pvital submitted V3 of the patch "Use system's nginx proxy service."
13:02:25 <pvital> #info [Kimchi] submitted RFC to issue #976
13:02:25 <pvital> #info [Gingerbase] pvital is working in create a new plugin code for HostStatsModel to reduce high CPU consumption when wokd is in idle mode.
13:02:32 <ramonn> #info [kimchi] ramonn sent RFC about returning remaining time to close session. Paulo answer
13:02:44 <ziviani> #info ziviani [kimchi] is reviewing and testing the front-end patch written by Samuel
13:02:51 <ramonn> #info [kimchi] ramonn asking for review to "Make kimchi able to change bootorder" and "Add bootmenu for guests"
13:03:04 <ziviani> #info [kimchi] ziviani is reviewing and testing the front-end patch written by Samuel
13:03:24 <ziviani> #info [kimchi] ziviani is working on bugs in pci PT
13:03:30 <ramonn> #info [wok] ramonn start removing hardcoded js libraries and using upstream packages
13:03:45 <ramonn> #info [kimchi] ramonn blocked on bug because bianca is using the machine
13:03:51 <ziviani> #info [*] ziviani updated openpower branches
13:04:44 <danielhb> #info [ginger] danielhb fixed several github bugs
13:05:04 <peterpennings> #info [Kimchi] samhenri sent patch about mouse pointer
13:05:06 <danielhb> #info [gingerbase]  danielhb working on package management enhancements
13:05:31 <peterpennings> #info [Wok] samhenri sent patch about user log date
13:05:37 <danielhb> #info [Ginger] bianca is working in bug related to time out while generating config back up file leave the tar file behind. Testing all possibilities using '--ignore-failed-read' to make sure tar command runs without any errors or warnings.
13:05:44 <danielhb> #info [Kimchi] bianca is working in a issue with kimchi killing Wokd due to sys.exit() calls. Investigating the problem with sys.exit() in 'network' and 'storagepools' files, we've discuss about remove those calls and make an exception to not load the plugin in those cases (still need some tests).
13:05:59 <alinefm> ramonn, why are you blocked about a machine?
13:07:55 <ramonn> alinefm, because the bug was reported on the same machine
13:08:19 <alinefm> ramonn, and why can't you use it at the same time as bianca is using?
13:08:38 <alinefm> ramonn, you can launch a separate wokd process in different ports...
13:09:03 <ramonn> alinefm, because bianca is making backups, that makes machine go low
13:09:17 <ramonn> alinefm, and my bug is about kimchi taking to long to create templates
13:09:50 <alinefm> ramonn, can't you reproduce that in other machine?
13:09:59 <alinefm> it should not be a specific machine problem
13:10:11 <ramonn> alinefm, i don't know. Until now, i don't know if it's specific or not
13:10:27 <ramonn> would be nice to reproduce on tester machine to verify it
13:10:45 <alinefm> it would be nice to reproduce it anywhere
13:10:46 <alinefm> =)
13:10:58 <ramonn> :)
13:10:58 <alinefm> try to do that in your machine
13:11:05 <alinefm> maybe it is simpler than we think
13:12:17 <ramonn> ok
13:12:20 <alinefm> can we move on?
13:12:55 <ramonn> of course
13:12:58 <alinefm> #topic Open Discussion
13:13:06 <alinefm> any other topic to discuss today?
13:13:20 <alinefm> I have one
13:13:44 <alinefm> I will be out in the next 2 weeks and danielhb will drive the scrum meetings during that time
13:14:29 <pvital> noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
13:14:36 <pvital> ops! :-P
13:14:38 <alinefm> hehehe
13:14:50 <ramonn> hahahahha
13:15:04 <ramonn> I have one: asking review for  "Make kimchi able to change bootorder" and "Add bootmenu for guests"
13:15:13 <ramonn> also, thanks danielhb for review the first
13:15:20 <alinefm> ramonn, sure
13:15:31 <alinefm> pvital, hopefully you all will survive hehe
13:15:36 <ramonn> and thks pvital for reviewing my RFC and pointing suggestions
13:16:45 <alinefm> ok
13:16:50 <alinefm> anything else for today?
13:17:02 <peterpennings> alinefm, is there any updates about some block issues in UI list of tasks?
13:19:06 <alinefm> peterpennings, I am checking them now
13:19:27 <peterpennings> great.. tks!
13:20:14 <alinefm> any other topic, team?
13:21:19 <ziviani> no
13:22:04 <alinefm> ok... so thanks everyone for joining!
13:22:08 <alinefm> #endmeeting