===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:24 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-10-28-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:00:41)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:13)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:13)
  * WalterNik, Working on assembling the SCSI LUN scan  (WalterNik,
    13:04:02)
  * alinefm fixed all failing test cases for Wok and Kimchi on Ubuntu.
    There are just a few test failing on Fedora. I will investigate
    later  (alinefm, 13:04:06)
  * WalterNik, Working on assembling the SCSI LUN scan usecase
    (WalterNik, 13:04:25)
  * alinefm sent some patches to make gingerbase more stable  (alinefm,
    13:04:26)
  * jansch working on ui design  (jansch, 13:04:42)
  * alinefm sent patch to properly launch guest console (spice/vnc)
    (alinefm, 13:04:46)
  * alinefm is now working on creating a logical pool from an existing
    VG as ziviani is out this month  (alinefm, 13:05:19)
  * danielhb reviewed patches in the ML and sent a version of Live
    migration backend.  (danielhb, 13:05:48)
  * danielhb will send a v2 of the live migration backend today/tomorrow
    (danielhb, 13:06:06)
  * chandra working on #743  (chandra, 13:06:39)
  * pooja sent patch for filesystem management in ginger, working on
    review comments received  (pooja, 13:06:48)
  * atreyee working on displaying host management storage componenents
    in UI  (atreyee, 13:07:06)
  * samhenri porting Edit Guest modal window to new-ui  (samhenri,
    13:07:32)
  * andreteodoro Trying to setup the environment and working at the new
    ui Storage screen  (andreteodoro, 13:07:47)
  * ramonn working on a solution to deal with bridge deletion with
    libvirt api. If i can't work with api, i will write some code to
    threat it directly  (ramonn, 13:07:57)
  * lucio reworked issue 738 fixes  (lcorreia, 13:08:08)
  * lucio sent patch to fix issue with tasks in kimchi tests  (lcorreia,
    13:08:08)
  * lucio worked on ovs support feature (bug 110627) - seems not a bug,
    doing verification tests  (lcorreia, 13:08:08)
  * ramonn just received a notification that sosreport bug with special
    character is fixed in rhel 7.1  (ramonn, 13:08:26)
  * pvital has been working in WoK and Kimchi stabilization.  (pvital,
    13:10:52)
  * pvital worked on issue #740.  (pvital, 13:10:53)
  * pvital worked in objectstore information update when upgrading from
    Kimchi 1.5.1 to Kimchi 2.0 .  (pvital, 13:10:53)
  * pvital submitted the patches: Fix package name of some dependencies;
    Issue #740: Solving UI dependencies checking; Copy missing files to
    build Kimchi RPM; Fix Kimchi RPM spec files; Upgrade to Kimchi 2.0
    (patch-set with 4 parts).  (pvital, 13:10:53)
  * pvital reviewed some patches from Kimchi, Ginger and GingerBase.
    (pvital, 13:10:53)
  * pvital is working in the 'Guest memory usage' task.  (pvital,
    13:10:55)
  * jkatta, working activate/deactivate of interface  (jkatta, 13:11:08)
  * jkatta, working on activate/deactivate of interface  (jkatta,
    13:11:32)
  * Archana  gingers390x base patches pushed upstream  (Archana,
    13:13:01)
  * Abhiram18, Working on editing ipv4(automatic/dns) configuration for
    an interface  (Abhiram18, 13:13:19)
  * samhenri sent some new-ui patches yesterday, some screens are still
    working in progress but Gingerbase is 99% done  (samhenri, 13:13:36)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:16:36)
  * ACTION: atreyee will send a patch to fix software update on new ui
    (alinefm, 13:31:19)
  * ACTION: atreyee will send a patch to fix Repositories in wok.list
    and gingerbase.host.js  (alinefm, 13:32:08)
  * ACTION: samhenri and andreteodoro will work to have host + network +
    storage tabs fully working with the new UI by the end of Oct 30
    (alinefm, 13:38:08)
  * ACTION: samhenri and andreteodoro will work to have guests +
    templates tabs fully working with the new UI by the end of Nov 06
    (alinefm, 13:41:14)
  * ACTION: samhenri and andreteodoro will work to have administration
    tab fully working with the new UI by the end of Nov 13  (alinefm,
    13:52:33)



Meeting ended at 14:11:38 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* andreteodoro
  * samhenri and andreteodoro will work to have host + network + storage
    tabs fully working with the new UI by the end of Oct 30
  * samhenri and andreteodoro will work to have guests + templates tabs
    fully working with the new UI by the end of Nov 06
  * samhenri and andreteodoro will work to have administration tab fully
    working with the new UI by the end of Nov 13
* atreyee
  * atreyee will send a patch to fix software update on new ui
  * atreyee will send a patch to fix Repositories in wok.list and
    gingerbase.host.js
* samhenri
  * samhenri and andreteodoro will work to have host + network + storage
    tabs fully working with the new UI by the end of Oct 30
  * samhenri and andreteodoro will work to have guests + templates tabs
    fully working with the new UI by the end of Nov 06
  * samhenri and andreteodoro will work to have administration tab fully
    working with the new UI by the end of Nov 13



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (94)
* samhenri (44)
* WalterNik (17)
* pvital (9)
* atreyee (3)
* lcorreia (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* jkatta (2)
* ramonn (2)
* Archana (2)
* danielhb (2)
* Abhiram18 (2)
* pooja (1)
* chandra (1)
* jansch (1)
* andreteodoro (1)
* rotru (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4