===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 12:00:34 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-12-14-12.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 12:00:43)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 12:00:43)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 12:00:43)
* Status  (alinefm, 12:04:15)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 12:04:15)
  * [kimchi/ginger] lcorreia got some bugfixes upstream  (lcorreia,
    12:04:26)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia finished 2.3.1/2.2.2 tests on Ubuntu
    16.10  (lcorreia, 12:04:26)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on fixes for Debian/Ubuntu
    packages  (lcorreia, 12:04:26)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
    (lcorreia, 12:04:26)
  * [wok] alinefm fixed JS files to have up to 512 characters  (alinefm,
    12:04:58)
  * [ginger] alinefm fixed JS files to have up to 512 characters
    (alinefm, 12:05:04)
  * [kimchi] alinefm fixed issues #1015 and #1066  (alinefm, 12:05:35)
  * [kimchi] bianca sent a patch related to issue #1057: Failed to
    import kimchi.  (bianca, 12:05:37)
  * [wok] bianca sent a patch related to issue #144: The filter of of
    the user activity log shows loading forever.  (bianca, 12:05:37)
  * [wok] bianca is working on issue #130: Wok does not support multiple
    words in plugin tag name.  (bianca, 12:05:37)
  * [wok] ramonn merged #186, #168, #185  (ramonn, 12:06:38)
  * [gingerbase] alinefm fixed issue #152 and sent patch to fix minor
    issues on repositories feature  (alinefm, 12:06:46)
  * [kimchi] ramonn sent v2 for #1026  (ramonn, 12:06:50)
  * [kimchi] alinefm is investigating if build is not including spice
    html5 JS file for debian/ubuntu  (alinefm, 12:07:14)
  * [ginger] ramonn need to send v3 for #469  (ramonn, 12:07:20)
  * [wok/kimchi] alinefm will start working on 2.3.1 release today to
    announce it on Firday  (alinefm, 12:07:36)
  * [wok] danielhb fixed a non-root login problem in wok  (danielhb,
    12:07:56)
  * [*] danielhb is wrapping it up the tests in the stable branches for
    the release this week  (danielhb, 12:08:24)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 12:15:35)



Meeting ended at 12:16:37 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (20)
* ramonn (5)
* lcorreia (5)
* bianca (5)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* danielhb (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4