<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:06:01 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Wok Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Kimchi Status</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">3) Ginger Base status</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">4) Ginger status</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-10'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">5) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-11'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:54)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Wok Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>, 13:07:54)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm is currently working on proxy
    websockets port to nginx so there will be no need to open 64667 port
    on firewall configuration</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:08:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">peterpennings sent patch to ML to include
    typeahead library wich is needed by sysmodules and sr-iov in
    Ginger.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-16'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:10:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru Sent patch to change Wok backup log files
    rotation. Makes it a configurable option in /etc/wok.conf and set
    default number of backup log files to 10. Waiting for
    review/commit;</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-17'>rotru</a>,
    13:10:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">danielhb sent a patch to turn run_command
    default language to English</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-18'>danielhb</a>,
    13:11:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lcorreia will work on user log
    functionality</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-20'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:11:36)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Kimchi Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>, 13:13:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">ziviani tested kimchi in all spported distros
    and opened bugs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-24'>ziviani</a>,
    13:14:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">peterpennings is working on memory hot
    plug</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-25'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:14:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm updated the github wiki pages for
    Kimchi project. An issue was open for each feature listed in the
    Backlog page and the Backlog page was deleted.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-26'>alinefm</a>,
    13:14:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru Sent RFC for Configure Guest Max Memory
    (backend/frontend). Working in v2 of backend changes;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-27'>rotru</a>,
    13:14:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru Tested Template in Fedora. Issue #771 is
    still reproducible. Investigating backend returns;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-28'>rotru</a>,
    13:14:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lcorreia tested Kimchi Network tab in RHEL
    7.2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-29'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:15:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lcorreia restarted work to include option to
    specify max_vcpu and current_vcpu separately per guest in Kimchi
    backend</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-30'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:15:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lcorreia will work to handle notifications for
    host ENOSPC from libvirt in kimchi backend</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-31'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:15:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">samhenri working on Live Migration delete
    function. Passwordless login fixed.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-32'>samhenri</a>,
    13:15:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">andreteodoro implemented sort for Templates
    tab</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-33'>alteodoro</a>,
    13:15:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ramonn working on websockify update (trying to
    reach community for help)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-35'>ramonn</a>,
    13:16:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ramonn did not worked last two days by college
    evaluation.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-38'>ramonn</a>,
    13:16:39)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Ginger Base Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-42'>alinefm</a>, 13:19:11)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital submitted the patch: [Gingerbase] Issue
    #19: Fix HTTP return code of host updated.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-43'>pvital</a>,
    13:19:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital tested Dashboard and Update tabs of
    Gingerbase 2.0 in Fedora23, Ubuntu 15.10, OpenSUSE LEAP and RHEL
    7.5</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-44'>pvital</a>,
    13:19:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">andreteodoro is currently working on Sysmodules
    (SRIOV) tab</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-45'>alteodoro</a>,
    13:20:45)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Ginger Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-47'>alinefm</a>, 13:24:20)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital submitted the patch: [Ginger] Add
    FirmwareProgress UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-48'>pvital</a>,
    13:25:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">pvital is working in V3 of the patch: [Ginger]
    Prevent AsyncTask timeout error during FW Update.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-49'>pvital</a>,
    13:25:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ziviani opened bugs and sent patches</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-50'>ziviani</a>,
    13:25:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">danielhb reviewed/pushed gingerbase patches,
    fixed bugs and managed gingerbase Github issues</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-51'>danielhb</a>,
    13:26:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">danielhb fixed half a dozen Ginger github
    issues, reviewed and pushed 64 patches upstream, engaged into
    several design discussions about current and future features</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-54'>danielhb</a>,
    13:29:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">cbosdonnat is getting last release in opensuse
    build service</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-57'>cbosdonnat</a>,
    13:31:33)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html#l-58'>alinefm</a>, 13:37:47)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:52:50 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-01-13-13.06.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (45)</li>
  <li>samhenri (15)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (7)</li>
  <li>pvital (6)</li>
  <li>danielhb (4)</li>
  <li>ziviani (3)</li>
  <li>ramonn (3)</li>
  <li>rotru (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (2)</li>
  <li>alteodoro (2)</li>
  <li>cbosdonnat (1)</li>
  <li>lbianc (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
