===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:35 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-04-13-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:02:36)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:02:36)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:36)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:16)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:16)
  * [Wok] samhenri sent patch fixing some Sass issues and adding new
    mixins  (samhenri, 13:03:34)
  * [kimchi] ziviani sent patches to fixes issues on template/storage
    tabs 919, 920, 923, 924  (ziviani, 13:03:36)
  * [kimchi] alinefm sent patch to fix memory hot plug issue on Power
    machines  (alinefm, 13:03:38)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is finishing 924 issue (ui)  (ziviani, 13:03:58)
  * [Kimchi] samhenri sent patch to adjust guests SCSS with latest
    changes from Wok  (samhenri, 13:04:10)
  * [kimchi] ramonn merged "installation media" patch. Working on code
    review tool and other issues  (ramonn, 13:04:13)
  * [wok] lcorreia got Asynchronous Notifications frontend upstream
    (lcorreia, 13:04:22)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia sent backend V1 for "edit network" feature to
    review  (lcorreia, 13:04:22)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia is working on Kimchi issue #812  (lcorreia,
    13:04:22)
  * [kimchi] alinefm sent patch to adjust Template creation UI according
    to the latest API changes. Socorro is still working to change the UI
    properly to do not require the media type from user  (alinefm,
    13:04:27)
  * [ginger] sureshab working on V2 patch for user management  (suresh,
    13:04:28)
  * [ginger] danielhb is working in the network management code, fixing
    issues  (danielhb, 13:04:28)
  * [Kimchi] pvital is still working on a solution to issue #817 - Add
    Events support to PCI attach/deattach  (pvital, 13:04:33)
  * [Ginger] samhenri sent patch for OVS bridges front-end  (samhenri,
    13:04:38)
  * [ginger] alinefm is testing and opening UI issues to improve
    usability there  (alinefm, 13:04:50)
  * [Gingerbase] samhenri working on Debug Reports multiselect
    (samhenri, 13:05:07)
  * [Ginger] peterpennings working on "Update selected packages only"
    (samhenri, 13:06:21)
  * [Gingerbase] rotru Fixed debug reports rename function;  (rotru,
    13:08:22)
  * [Kimchi] rotru Sent patch to fix issues in Kimchi UI and to avoid
    send Max CPU higher than CPU to backend;  (rotru, 13:08:55)
  * [Kimchi] rotru Sent patch to change label "Memory Available" by
    "Memory Utilization";  (rotru, 13:09:24)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:10:47)



Meeting ended at 14:02:20 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (78)
* ziviani (25)
* rotru (19)
* pvital (9)
* lcorreia (8)
* samhenri (8)
* peterpennings (7)
* samhenri_ (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* ramonn (2)
* danielhb (1)
* suresh (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4