===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:46 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-09-30-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Kimchi 2.0 Plan 3) Open discussion  (alinefm,
  13:02:16)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:02:56)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:02:57)
  * alinefm worked for Kimchi 1.5.1 released - generated the packages,
    updated the web pages, etc  (alinefm, 13:03:24)
  * alinefm merged next and wok branches into master  (alinefm,
    13:03:33)
  * ziviani rebased, applied code review and sent to ML the patch
    "Improve VM CPU update code"  (ziviani, 13:03:44)
  * ziviani will rebase on wok (new master) the patch "Improve VM CPU
    update code" and re-send to ML  (ziviani, 13:03:44)
  * ziviani will retest the issue
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/736 "deb package for
    Ubuntu > 15.04 doesn't work"  (ziviani, 13:03:44)
  * ziviani sent the patch "Issue 557 - Package Update Improvements -
    Part I" to ML for review  (ziviani, 13:03:44)
  * ziviani is working on "Issue 557 - Package Update Improvements -
    Part II", that will enable users to follow the package update even
    after a kimchid restart  (ziviani, 13:03:44)
  * lucio  rebased kimchi wok and ginger-wok branches with master
    (lcorreia, 13:04:40)
  * pvital submitted V2 patches to solve issue #731  (pvital, 13:05:17)
  * pvital submitted patches to make Wok and Kimchi (as plugin) stable:
    Move Tasks to Wok; Move KCHUTILS0001E to Wok; Update Wok messages
    codes; Move KCHASYNC0003E to Wok and update code; Wok tests; Set new
    structure to Wok plugins (patch-set).  (pvital, 13:05:18)
  * pvital re-submitted Atreyee's patches to community to solve Issue
    #704.  (pvital, 13:05:18)
  * pvital sent RFC to Update objectstore information while migrating to
    new Wok structure.  (pvital, 13:05:18)
  * pvital is working in Wok and Kimchi (as plugin) stabilization.
    (pvital, 13:05:18)
  * alinefm is now working on wok stabilization so a new repository can
    be created for it (kimchi and ginger will be git-submodules of wok
    repo)  (alinefm, 13:05:31)
  * ramonn interacting with sosreport community (sosreport cannot create
    name with special characteres)  (ramonn, 13:06:53)
  * samhenri working on the new-ui, applying patches from ML to rebase
    hosts page patches. For now porting modal windows pages (Guests,
    Networks and Storage)  (samhenri, 13:07:21)
  * jkatta investigation on tools that can be used for network operation
    in ginger  (jkatta, 13:08:13)
  * rotru Sent a patch to fix defaul memory allocation in templates
    (rotru, 13:08:47)
  * chandra : re-worked on ginger base to take care of review comments
    and pushed to upstream.  (Abhiram, 13:09:23)

* Kimchi 2.0 Plan  (alinefm, 13:12:08)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:39:59)



Meeting ended at 13:53:09 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (53)
* samhenri (23)
* WaltNik (13)
* ziviani (8)
* pvital (7)
* lcorreia (4)
* Abhiram (3)
* jkatta (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* ramonn (2)
* danielhb (2)
* rotru (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4