===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:15 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-10-14-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Kimchi 2.0 3) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:01:09)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:02:43)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:02:44)
  * lucio fixed issue #738 - sent to ML  (lcorreia, 13:03:17)
  * alinefm sent patch to fix PYTHONPATH to run the test cases
    (alinefm, 13:03:34)
  * alinefm reviewed/applied patches  (alinefm, 13:03:46)
  * alinefm is now working on fixing test cases that are failing
    (alinefm, 13:04:07)
  * pvital has been working in Wok and Kimchi (as plugin) stabilization
    (sent some patches related to this).  (pvital, 13:04:08)
  * pvital reviewed some patches from Kimchi and Ginger.  (pvital,
    13:04:09)
  * pvital opened wok issue #740.  (pvital, 13:04:09)
  * ziviani sent code to review ([PATCH v4 0/4] Issue 557 - Package
    Update Improvements - Part II)  (ziviani, 13:04:22)
  * ziviani sent code to review ([PATCH v6 0/2] Improve VM CPU update
    code)  (ziviani, 13:04:22)
  * ziviani got the task 'Create logical pool from existing VG'
    (ziviani, 13:04:22)
  * ziviani worked on bugs  (ziviani, 13:04:30)
  * ramonn working on add support for linux bridge and macvtap. Cannot
    look to ML because got some issues with authentication. Solving this
    now  (ramonn, 13:04:39)
  * WalterNik working with Jan on the UI Navigation proposal of the
    Ginger/Host tab  (WalterNik, 13:05:27)
  * samhenri namespacing some kimchi CSS classes in order to make old-ui
    work with new-ui at the same time  (samhenri, 13:06:13)
  * pawan working on dasd formatting and listing  (pawan, 13:06:33)
  * jkatta started working on Configuration of HOST-NICs (ipv4, ipv6 via
    iproute2)  (jkatta, 13:07:32)
  * Archana Working on #737 issue  (Archana, 13:07:40)
  * Archana 737:Wok base framework calls resource model's lookup twice
    (Archana, 13:08:04)
  * , chandra pushed gingerbase v5 patch versions  (chandra, 13:08:48)
  * andreteodoro working on the templates screen to aplly the new UI
    (andreteodoro, 13:10:20)
  * pooja sent proposal to include filesystem management in ginger
    (pooja, 13:12:04)
  * atreyee working on UI mockups  (atreyee, 13:13:19)

* Kimchi 2.0  (alinefm, 13:14:31)
  * Kimchi 2.0 planning:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Planning-2.0
    (alinefm, 13:15:14)
  * Kimchi 2.0 ToDo:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/wiki/Todo-2.0  (alinefm,
    13:15:27)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:18:16)
  * LINK: http://getbootstrap.com/examples/navbar-fixed-top/  (samhenri,
    13:54:39)



Meeting ended at 14:07:44 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (93)
* samhenri (50)
* WalterNik (31)
* pvital (10)
* chandra (8)
* ziviani (5)
* Archana (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* baude (2)
* ramonn (2)
* andreteodoro (2)
* pooja (1)
* atreyee (1)
* pawan (1)
* lcorreia (1)
* danielhb (1)
* jkatta (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4