<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 12:03:41 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    12:04:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    12:04:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    12:04:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 12:07:03)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    12:07:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm sent patch to remove legacy code
    from code</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    12:07:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm sent patch to update IBM
    copyright on make check-local</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    12:07:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] peterpennings is working at maxmemory
    UI for guest and templates</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-16'>peterpennings</a>,
    12:08:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm sent patch to allow user disable
    HTTP port</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    12:08:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani sent patch to fix bug 33:
    Implement a multiprocess file handler for log system</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-18'>ziviani</a>,
    12:08:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia will implement: user activity
    log functionality according to RFC sent to ML</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-19'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:08:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia fixed VLAN handling for
    bridged virtual networks in backend</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-20'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:08:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia working on Kimchi feature:
    handle notifications for host ENOSPC from libvirt</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-21'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:08:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani sent patch to fix bug 30:
    Duplicated log messages</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-22'>ziviani</a>,
    12:08:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ramonn [ginger] debugging rpm postun
    scripts</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-23'>ramonn</a>,
    12:09:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani sent Add sourceURL comment for
    kimchi.min.js</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-24'>ziviani</a>,
    12:09:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] Abhiram18 working on parsing issues in
    ifcfg with extra spaces for ginger.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-25'>Abhiram18</a>,
    12:11:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] samhenri is working at SRIOV
    rework</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-27'>peterpennings</a>,
    12:15:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] Looking into vlan/bond ui defects
    raised in the community</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-28'>chandra</a>,
    12:16:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html#l-31'>alinefm</a>, 12:18:32)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 12:26:08 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-02-17-12.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (29)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (3)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (3)</li>
  <li>ziviani (3)</li>
  <li>lbianc (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>pvital (2)</li>
  <li>ramonn (2)</li>
  <li>Abhiram18 (1)</li>
  <li>chandra (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
