===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:31 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-09-21-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:03:06)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:03:06)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:03:06)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:04:11)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:04:11)
  * [*] lcorreia ran release tests in RHEL 7.2 and reported several
    issues  (alinefm, 13:04:18)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia working on PCI passthrough coldplug fixes
    (alinefm, 13:04:19)
  * [ginger*] lcorreia reviewed/applied patches upstream  (alinefm,
    13:04:19)
  * [ginger*] lcorreia sent PEP8 fixes to ML  (alinefm, 13:04:19)
  * [*] lcorreia maintaining/pushed branches to HostOS kimchi-ginger
    upstream trees  (alinefm, 13:04:20)
  * [*] pvital performed tests on 2.3 release on Ubuntu 16.04  (pvital_,
    13:04:28)
  * [*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital_, 13:04:28)
  * [Kimchi] pvital is working on issue #733 - Kimchi doesn't allow for
    proxying to URL like ip:port/arbitrary/path/  (pvital_, 13:04:28)
  * [*] alinefm completed the teste on CentOS 7 for 2.3 release
    (alinefm, 13:04:36)
  * [*] ramonn did opensuse validation  (ramonn, 13:04:47)
  * [Kimchi] bianca submitted a patch corrections to issue #860 -
    Support Guest Autostart, waiting review.  (bianca, 13:04:52)
  * [Kimchi] bianca is working in "make clean' does not revert its
    changes from 'make rpm'" issue.  (bianca, 13:04:53)
  * [Kimchi] alinefm sent patch to fix issue while attaching disk to
    guest (#1010)  (alinefm, 13:04:54)
  * [wok] ramonn will try to finish js to rpms patch  (ramonn, 13:05:01)
  * [gingerbase] alinefm sent patch to add python-mock as test deps
    (alinefm, 13:05:22)
  * [wok] ramonn opened bug against nginx patch. Will discuss if it's
    valid with pvital_  (ramonn, 13:05:34)
  * [wok] alinefm sent patch to fix advanced search on user log
    (alinefm, 13:05:38)
  * [kimchi] alinefm is working on making Fedora 24 ISO recognized by
    Kimchi (today the version is being set to 1 instead of 24)
    (alinefm, 13:06:06)
  * [*] alinefm is creating kan-ban boards to track issues and features
    on github for all the projects  (alinefm, 13:06:55)
  * [ginger*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb,
    13:07:51)
  * [vacations] danielhb played World of Warcraft extensively
    (danielhb, 13:08:14)
  * [ginger] danielhb will work in improvements in the System Platform
    UI  (danielhb, 13:11:55)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:14:02)



Meeting ended at 13:21:27 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (31)
* bianca (8)
* pvital_ (6)
* danielhb (6)
* ramonn (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* lcorreia (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4