<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:56 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:14)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 13:03:09)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia got upstream fixes for issues
    #140, #142</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-14'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:03:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] lcorreia got upstream improvements/fixes
    for user log messages</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-15'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:03:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] lcorreia got upstream fix for issue
    #380</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-16'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:03:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] lcorreia sent RFC/working on Wok issue
    #141</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-17'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:03:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb reviewed and applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-18'>danielhb</a>,
    13:03:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] ramonn worked on js rpm libs. Let patch
    in review waiting for help with makefiles</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-19'>ramonn</a>,
    13:03:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] bianca submitted a patch to issue #585 -
    'make clean' does not revert its changes from 'make rpm'.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-20'>bianca</a>,
    13:03:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] bianca is working on a feature request
    #860 - Support Guest Autostart, sent a RFC to ML waiting for
    responses.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-21'>bianca</a>,
    13:03:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb made control changes across all
    plug-ins</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-22'>danielhb</a>,
    13:03:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-23'>pvital</a>,
    13:03:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital is working with
    oVirt team to use their infra-structure to automatically build
    packages and images of our projects.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-24'>pvital</a>,
    13:03:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is working issue #122 - Make
    AsyncTask stoppable.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-25'>pvital</a>,
    13:03:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital is helping user with issue #980
    - cannot save permission setting for VM</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-26'>pvital</a>,
    13:03:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] socorro Tested/Reviewed patch</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-27'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] socorro Followed up/Updated various
    bugzilla/github issues with</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-28'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] socorro accurate status/info where needed;
    requested for some issues</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-29'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] socorro to be retried by the reporter as
    they may no longer be valid -</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-30'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] socorro issues# 490, 425</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-31'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro Patch sent out to ML for
    issue# 317; already applied upstream</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-32'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro Have some concerns about cpu
    hotplug fix that was applied</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-33'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] socorro recently; working
    w/Ziviani</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-34'>danielhb</a>,
    13:04:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn sent patch to implement title
    and description. Waiting review at v3</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-35'>ramonn</a>,
    13:04:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] peterpennings is working on put the
    resources name in confirmations dialog</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-36'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:04:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn will sent patch about "Do not
    delete pool and network in use by templates or guests " after
    scrum</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-37'>ramonn</a>,
    13:04:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] samhenri currently working on
    Redesigned Network Configuration</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-38'>samhenri</a>,
    13:06:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] ziviani updated openpower trees</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-39'>ziviani</a>,
    13:07:15)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] samhenri fixed some minor issues with
    Datatables JS and CSS, added a ip-address sort plugin (MIT license)
    for Network Configuration. Will send patch once the redesigned panel
    is finished</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-40'>samhenri</a>,
    13:08:13)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html#l-45'>alinefm</a>, 13:10:44)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:44:33 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-08-17-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (67)</li>
  <li>pvital (29)</li>
  <li>danielhb (17)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (5)</li>
  <li>ramonn (3)</li>
  <li>samhenri (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>bianca (2)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (2)</li>
  <li>ziviani (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
