===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:01 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:02:14)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:02:14)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:14)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:04:26)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:04:26)
  * [kimchi] socorro v2 of Edit Virtual Network was applied upstream
    (alinefm, 13:04:40)
  * [kimchi] socorro Addressed issues based on feedback for mem hotplug
    bug; Sent v2  (alinefm, 13:04:41)
  * [kimchi] socorro to ML, addressed questions after that and awaiting
    response  (alinefm, 13:04:41)
  * [kimchi] socorro to see whether or not there needs to be any more
    adjustments  (alinefm, 13:04:41)
  * [kimchi] socorro Included in the patch was a fix to github issue#
    941.  (alinefm, 13:04:41)
  * [kimchi] socorro Followed up on some bugzillas/todos/github issues.
    (alinefm, 13:04:42)
  * [kimchi] socorro Currently looking at github issue#:  799 -
    Gallery/List view:  (alinefm, 13:04:44)
  * [kimchi] socorro Remember user selection when switching tabs
    (alinefm, 13:04:46)
  * [*] peterpennings and samhenri are working in some bug fixes.
    (peterpennings, 13:05:14)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia sent V2 to fix vm name conflicts after snapshots
    are created  (lcorreia, 13:05:41)
  * [wok] lcorreia sent V1 for issues 100, 102, 105 - add IP address and
    timezone to user log  (lcorreia, 13:05:41)
  * [wok] lcorreia working on issue 100 - log failed user requests
    (lcorreia, 13:05:41)
  * [*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb, 13:05:51)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:05:59)
  * [Wok] pvital sent RFC to issue #122 - Make AsyncTask stoppable (no
    feedback until now)  (pvital, 13:05:59)
  * [ Kimchi] pvital submitted patch Clean FEATURETEST_VM effectively.
    (pvital, 13:05:59)
  * [Wok] pvital is working on use NGINX from system instead of run a
    new server.  (pvital, 13:05:59)
  * [Wok] pvital is investigating some performance issues in wokd (high
    CPU consumption when idle)  (pvital, 13:05:59)
  * [Ginger] danielhb fixed a RPM issue yesterday  (danielhb, 13:06:05)
  * [Kimchi]  danielhb fixed an UI problem in the Storage Pool select in
    the Edit Template window  (danielhb, 13:06:28)
  * [wok][kimchi] alinefm reviewed and applied patches  (alinefm,
    13:06:42)
  * [Kimchi] danielhb is now investigating feature
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/944  (danielhb,
    13:06:59)
  * [Wok] rotru sent V2 of Plugins Manager  (rotru, 13:09:41)
  * [Wok] rotru fixed Sample plugin  (rotru, 13:10:05)
  * [wok] [kimchi] [gingerbase] send patch to fix functions with default
    values  (ramonn, 13:10:08)
  * [wok] [kimchi] [gingerbase] ramonn send patch to fix functions with
    default values  (ramonn, 13:10:32)
  * [wok] ramonn add message at login page when server is not responding
    (ramonn, 13:10:49)
  * [kimchi] ramonn send patch "make kimchi able to change bootorder".
    Need to send v2 after rotru review  (ramonn, 13:11:24)
  * [kimchi] [ginger] [gingerbase] minor changes in plugin configuration
    file  (rotru, 13:12:58)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:15:45)



Meeting ended at 13:38:16 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (44)
* rotru (21)
* danielhb (15)
* pvital (9)
* lcorreia (7)
* ramonn (6)
* peterpennings (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4