<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:55 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:07)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>, 13:04:02)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] samhenri working on OVS bridges UI,
    about to send patch today</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-20'>samhenri</a>,
    13:04:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn merged patch that fixes systemd
    checking on ginger.spec</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-21'>ramonn</a>,
    13:04:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm is working on  make session
    timeout configurable</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-22'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] samhenri sent "Disable invalid
    templates" v3</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-23'>samhenri</a>,
    13:04:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">kimchi ziviani is working on bugs and working
    on fixing issues on template using image - backing image</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-24'>ziviani</a>,
    13:04:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital is working on issue #201 -
    Kimchi should handle libvirt connection failures.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-25'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted V6 patch-set to solve
    issue#372 - Add support to netboot installation.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-26'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] pvital submitted patch "Update
    apt-get command to upgrade specific package"</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-27'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] [Wok] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-28'>pvital</a>,
    13:04:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] alinefm identified some issues with
    session timeout and will also fix them</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-29'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn sent a RFC to discuss sensors
    fix (we got trouble with units returned by REST API)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-30'>ramonn</a>,
    13:05:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Attempted to make adjustments
    on create template UI but went back</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-31'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro to focusing on Edit Virtual
    Network</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-32'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Spent quite a bit of time to
    try to get an environment set up in</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-33'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro order to debug/test edit
    virtual networks. Making some progress</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-34'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro but not having a good
    environment is causing some delay</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-35'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Updated bugs and ensuring it
    is properly assigned</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-36'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] lcorreia sent V1 and working on V2 to
    make fibre channel listing arch-independent</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-37'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia is working on storing
    notifications in memory instead of objectstore</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-38'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia is working on handling
    libvirt event ENOSPC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-39'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger*] [kimchi] danielhb reviewed/applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-40'>danielhb</a>,
    13:06:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] danielhb finished the backend for
    SR-IOV feature for ConnectX-4 cards</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-41'>danielhb</a>,
    13:06:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[gingerbase] danielhb created a net netinfo.py
    in gingerbase that aggregates both Ginger and Kimchi netinfo
    modules</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-42'>danielhb</a>,
    13:06:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] danielhb fixed an UI bug in VEPA
    creation</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-43'>danielhb</a>,
    13:07:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru Sent patch to fix error logging
    in objectstore upgrade functions during Kimchi
    initialization;</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-44'>rotru</a>,
    13:07:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] rotru Sent patch to 'move log' to
    'data/logs';</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-45'>rotru</a>,
    13:07:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] rotru Sent patch to fix PEP8
    errors;</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-46'>rotru</a>,
    13:07:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] rotru Sent patch to sort user request log
    output, avoiding issues with data from backup log files;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-47'>rotru</a>,
    13:07:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] rotru Is working in Plugins Manager task
    (list/enable/disable)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-48'>rotru</a>,
    13:07:52)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html#l-55'>alinefm</a>, 13:12:02)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:57:18 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (73)</li>
  <li>rotru (40)</li>
  <li>ramonn (24)</li>
  <li>danielhb (19)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (10)</li>
  <li>lagarcia (9)</li>
  <li>pvital (8)</li>
  <li>samhenri (8)</li>
  <li>ziviani (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (1)</li>
  <li>transhuman_ (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
