<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 12:00:34 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    12:00:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    12:00:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>,
    12:00:50)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>, 12:03:51)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    12:03:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] danielhb implemented RDMA support for
    Live Migration. danielhb will send patches to ML after testing
    them</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-16'>danielhb</a>,
    12:04:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] bianca is working on issue #138:
    Update selected packages only prevent user to switch tabs. Done,
    just testing css/js.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-17'>bianca</a>,
    12:04:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] bianca is working on feature request
    #517: Restore system backup.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-18'>bianca</a>,
    12:04:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] ramonn need to resent issue #469 and
    #390</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-19'>ramonn</a>,
    12:04:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] ramonn debugging issue #160</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-20'>ramonn</a>,
    12:05:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia sent patch to not build-depend
    on firewalld</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-21'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:06:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on new
    review comments for debian packaging</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-22'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:06:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia assessed what is
    needed to package javascript dependencies separated for
    debian</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-23'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:06:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia fixed Dec25th'
    review comments for debian packaging</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-24'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:06:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open
    Power HostOS branches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-25'>lcorreia</a>,
    12:06:37)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html#l-30'>alinefm</a>, 12:09:10)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 12:12:42 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2017-01-04-12.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (20)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (6)</li>
  <li>ramonn (4)</li>
  <li>bianca (4)</li>
  <li>danielhb (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
