===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:06 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-06-01-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:01:32)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:01:33)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:01:33)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:04)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:06)
  * alinefm sent patch to fix logrotate issue on user log activity
    (alinefm, 13:03:24)
  * kimchi samhenri currently working on Storage Volume management v6
    (samhenri, 13:03:30)
  * alinefm sent patch to set serial session timeout the same of wok
    session timeout  (alinefm, 13:03:41)
  * [Wok] pvital submitted patch "Log error when using tee arg on
    run_command."  (pvital, 13:04:02)
  * [Ginger] pvital submitted patch-set "Power Firmware Update fixes"
    (pvital, 13:04:02)
  * [Ginger] pvital submitted patch "Print capabilities when environment
    is dev"  (pvital, 13:04:02)
  * [Wok] pvital is investigating some performance issues in wokd (high
    CPU consumption when idle)  (pvital, 13:04:02)
  * [Wok] pvital is working on Kimchi issue #78 (actually a Wok issue) -
    make async task stoppable  (pvital, 13:04:02)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:04:04)
  * [gingerbase] peterpennings is working on some improvements and
    corrections on selected packages  (peterpennings, 13:04:05)
  * [*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb, 13:04:07)
  * [Ginger]  danielhb finished SR-IOV fixes  (danielhb, 13:04:23)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia got upstream patch for handling libvirt event
    ENOSPC  (lcorreia, 13:06:02)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia sent V1 to fix vm name conflicts after snapshots
    are created  (lcorreia, 13:06:02)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia working to fix broken tests in V2 of fix vm name
    conflicts after snapshots are created  (lcorreia, 13:06:02)
  * [wok] rotru  modified notification backend, exposing delete
    notification function and fixing issues in get function  (rotru,
    13:08:57)
  * [kimchi] rotru found and fixed a problem when starting Kimchi from
    command line and Libvirt service is not running. Sent fixes to avoid
    errors and allow kimchi start flawlessly, then restore itself when
    libvirt service is back  (rotru, 13:10:52)
  * [kimchi] rotru Sent patches to fix problems with notifications
    alerts in window tabs. Notifications were not persistent among tabs
    or were displayed more than once. [patch is in v2 but was not
    accepted yet due to discussions about best approach (like use
    browser notifications)]  (rotru, 13:12:53)
  * [kimchi] rotru finished and sent V1 of basic Plugins Manager
    feature. [alinefm reviewed and there are changes to do. I will send
    a v2 soon]  (rotru, 13:14:18)
  * [ginger] ramonn merged patch about spec guideline compliant
    (ramonn, 13:17:24)
  * [wok] ramonn investigating issues with login when network is down
    (ramonn, 13:17:52)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:19:48)
  * LINK: https://vimeo.com/166812597  (samhenri, 13:42:57)
  * LINK: https://vimeo.com/166812599  (samhenri, 13:43:05)
  * LINK: https://vimeo.com/166812605  (samhenri, 13:43:09)



Meeting ended at 14:16:03 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (76)
* danielhb (48)
* samhenri (42)
* rotru (35)
* pvital (7)
* lcorreia (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* ramonn (2)
* peterpennings (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4