13:02:26 <alinefm> #startmeeting
13:02:26 <alinefm> #meetingname scrum
13:02:26 <kimchi-bot> Meeting started Wed Mar 25 13:02:26 2015 UTC.  The chair is alinefm. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:02:26 <kimchi-bot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:02:26 <kimchi-bot> The meeting name has been set to 'scrum'
13:03:02 <rotru> Morning
13:03:19 <rotru> (or evening :] )
13:03:41 <alinefm> #info Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion
13:03:41 <alinefm> anything else?
13:03:49 <alinefm> morning, rotru!
13:04:37 <vianac> alinefm, I'd like to follow up on issues which have the label NEEDINFO
13:06:00 <alinefm> sure
13:06:02 <alinefm> #info Agenda 1) Status 2) Issues 3) Open discussion
13:07:44 <alinefm> #topic Status
13:07:45 <alinefm> #info Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname> <status>
13:08:16 <royce> #info royce rebased vcpu validation patch, also send patch about host disk listing, finished test on Ubuntu
13:08:47 <alinefm> #info alinefm fixed issues #597, #617, #620, #621
13:09:21 <rotru> #info rotru Sent patches to fix VM, POOL and NETWORK name validation in backend, when user creates new entity
13:09:22 <alinefm> #info alinefm fixed iso streaming detecting and adjusted some documentation
13:09:24 <vianac> #info vianac fixed issues #518, #564, #565, #628, sent backend fix for issue #461; translated new strings for pt_BR
13:11:37 <alinefm> anything else?
13:13:33 <alinefm> #topic Issues
13:13:53 <alinefm> vianac, go ahead
13:14:06 <vianac> alinefm, thanks
13:15:04 <vianac> I'd like to follow up on issues with the label NEEDINFO every week in our scrums from now on, so we can understand and fix them sooner
13:15:28 <vianac> currently, we have 9 issues with the label NEEDINFO
13:16:07 <vianac> issues #499, #500 and #503 are related to using Kimchi on Safari on an iPad
13:16:26 <vianac> does anyone have that device to test those issues and make sure they still occur?
13:17:25 <alinefm> vianac, I don't
13:17:30 <royce> me neither
13:18:11 <vianac> alinefm, should we deal with issues exclusively related to mobile devices (iOS/Android)?
13:19:02 <alinefm> vianac, how much time those issues are labeled with NEEDINFO?
13:19:20 <vianac> alinefm, since last December
13:19:22 <alinefm> do not the reporters send any more details or info?
13:19:28 <vianac> more than 4 months now
13:19:44 <vianac> alinefm, no
13:19:45 <rotru> vianac; I have safari
13:19:48 <alinefm> vianac, I think we can close them and ask the reporter to reopen when they have the requested information
13:19:49 <rotru> alinefm;  ^
13:20:00 <alinefm> rotru, Safari on iOS?
13:20:09 <rotru> alinefm;  in my mac
13:20:39 <royce> we can borrow one from YuXin if we need:)
13:20:59 <royce> They bought some for development
13:21:28 <vianac> royce, that would be great! he's the one who opened the issues, actually.
13:21:43 <rotru> lol
13:21:49 <vianac> so I believe he can provide us with more details to help us solve the issues
13:21:57 <royce> OK, I'll contact him tomorrow
13:22:13 <vianac> otherwise, we'll do as alinefm said and close the issues for lack of information
13:22:16 <vianac> royce, thanks!
13:22:24 <royce> yw:)
13:22:58 <vianac> rotru, the issues mention Safari on iPad, so I think we should test on that device
13:23:34 <vianac> issue #609: Ubuntu: generating error report fails
13:23:37 <rotru> vianac;  yeap, I was asking myself if Safaris are the same
13:24:02 <vianac> royce, could you reproduce that issue on Ubuntu 14.10?
13:24:19 <royce> yes
13:24:50 <royce> I tried to read the html on my own found nothing special...
13:24:58 <vianac> royce, OK, thanks. I'll update the issue and confirm it as a bug.
13:26:12 <vianac> royce, nothing special should be done, a debug report should always be generated. that seems to be an actual bug.
13:26:21 <vianac> issue #610: Tests broken on ppc64el
13:26:45 <alinefm> I think danielhb was working on it ^
13:26:54 <vianac> danielhb, I see you've been working on fixing the tests on ppc64el, but that issue only mentions "tests broken", and not exactly which ones.
13:27:23 <vianac> danielhb, could you list the tests which are broken on that issue?
13:27:46 <vianac> otherwise we might be fixing it forever, if newer tests start failing as well... :)
13:28:52 <vianac> issue #623: error while creating logical storage pool
13:29:37 <vianac> royce, I see you sent a patch fixing it, but were you able to reproduce on Ubuntu 14.10 as well?
13:29:48 <royce> Patch sent for this one, I will add some background information to it
13:29:53 <royce> yes, reproducible
13:30:07 <royce> it is related to the naming pattern on Ubuntu
13:30:31 <vianac> royce, OK, thanks.
13:31:30 <vianac> there a few other issues with NEEDINFO but they haven't been updated by their authors.
13:31:35 <royce> it names lv as "data_lv (dm-1)" our programe just stripped the "(dm-1)" part, so following name match fails when querying device details
13:31:36 <vianac> do we have any policy to close inactive and unreproducible issues?
13:32:13 <alinefm> I don't have any rule for that right now
13:32:15 <vianac> or should we just keep them open forever?
13:32:46 <alinefm> but if the issues were not updated for a long time IMO we can close them and ask the reporter to reopen when he/she has the requested information
13:32:48 <danielhb> vianac, the tests were broken because the template verification was checking for x86_64 defaults when running in Power
13:33:07 <danielhb> vianac, well, at least some of  the tests. That bug is extremely generic. It's like "Kimchi has problems"
13:33:35 <vianac> alinefm, does "long time" have a period? :)
13:33:45 <vianac> 3 months? the next Kimchi release?
13:34:18 <vianac> danielhb, exactly, that issue is generic, that's what I'm trying to solve.
13:34:21 <alinefm> vianac, 3 months is more than enough
13:34:50 <vianac> danielhb, if you could put the name of the failing tests on the issue page, we will know when it gets solved.
13:35:16 <vianac> ideally, we should have a different issue for each failing test case, so they can be solved independently
13:35:24 <vianac> royce, thanks for the update, that's nice
13:35:45 <danielhb> vianac, I have some notes here about the Power tests. I can share in that bug
13:35:57 <vianac> alinefm, OK, so I'll close issues which have been inactive for more than 3 months with a note to reopen them if necessary.
13:36:03 <danielhb> vianac, I would recommend to open new issues though
13:36:16 <alinefm> vianac, sounds good
13:37:00 <vianac> danielhb, if those tests are the ones you're supposed to be fixing for that issue, post on that issue page; otherwise, I also recommend opening new issues for new failing tests
13:37:26 <vianac> alinefm, thanks, we can move on to the next topic.
13:37:34 <alinefm> thanks vianac !
13:37:40 <alinefm> #topic Open Discussion
13:37:50 <alinefm> I have some topics for today
13:38:23 <alinefm> I am closing the Kimchi 1.4.1 release today and will send the announcement note by the end of this week
13:38:37 <alinefm> so those days I will work on close the release
13:38:49 <alinefm> thanks everyone who make it happen!
13:39:12 <alinefm> and then we start planning the  next Kimchi release that would be 1.5
13:39:38 <alinefm> I want to ask you to send your ideas to the ML until next Wed so we can close our plan for 1.5
13:40:39 <alinefm> If you already have a clear idea of the feature you can also send the API related to it so we can start that discussion earlier
13:40:42 <alinefm> agree?
13:40:54 <royce> OK
13:41:09 <rotru> OK
13:42:18 <alinefm> vianac, gutoyr, lucio, vianac, ziviani, danielhb ^
13:42:43 <vianac> OK
13:43:32 <lucio> alinefm, OK
13:45:32 <gutoyr> ok
13:46:02 <alinefm> great!
13:46:12 <alinefm> any other topic do you want to discuss today?
13:46:33 <rotru> alinefm;  i got a topic
13:46:41 <alinefm> rotru, go ahead
13:48:28 <rotru> alinefm;  I wonder why template and storagepool names must have the url part in the begging of the name  "/templates/MYTEMPLATE"   or "/storagepools/MYPOOL"  .   I was checking the template code and seems it is not necessary anymore..  I thing this design was made in the past because of some api calls
13:48:41 <rotru> alitke; do you know ??  ^^
13:50:00 <alitke> rotru, Yes... I designed it that way because in REST APIs, a resource is identified by its URI
13:50:45 <alitke> the idea is that you can get the URI from one API call and just use it in another call without needing to parse out just the last component or something.
13:52:18 <rotru> alitke;  ah, ok! Got the idea!
13:52:52 <rotru> alitke; thanks you
13:53:13 <alitke> rotru, yw !
13:54:34 <alinefm> anything else for today?
13:56:56 <alinefm> ok...
13:57:09 <alinefm> thanks everyone for joining and I am looking forward for Kimchi 1.5 =)
13:57:16 <alinefm> #endmeeting