<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:07:18 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:07:29)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-9'>alinefm</a>, 13:08:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-10'>alinefm</a>,
    13:08:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patch to fix issue #374</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-11'>alinefm</a>,
    13:08:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">wenwang bugfix: sent patch that fix #397 UI
    Broken when cookie is clear</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-12'>wenwang</a>,
    13:09:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">YuXin  1) Ticket UI.   2) Redesign VM Edit to
    make it enabled when both vm started/stopped</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-13'>YuXin</a>,
    13:09:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm redesigned authorization backend to
    allow different rules for collection and resources</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:09:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">wenwang bugfix: sent patch that fix #398 ui:
    manage media needs more information when no cdrom exists</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-15'>wenwang</a>,
    13:09:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">royce addressed tests failure of create vm of
    image based template, turn to be tmpfs and cache=none
    conflict</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-16'>royce</a>,
    13:09:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patch to fix issue #389</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:10:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">royce is working on bugs related to disk
    attachment and storage volume filtering</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-18'>royce</a>,
    13:10:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm is working with baude to have Kimchi
    into Fedora</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:10:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">wenwang working on #372 for the front-end:
    Account for network boot/install leveraging
    DHCP/TFTP/(NFS/HTTP/FTP) network installation servers.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-20'>wenwang</a>,
    13:11:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">vianac sent final version of the authorization
    patches; sent patch to fix the way groups are fetched from the
    system; worked on issue #377; reviewed patches on the mailing
    list</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-26'>vianac</a>,
    13:12:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">as I planned to take vacation next week, guys
    would you help to review my image based template patches so that I
    can have a relaxing holiday?:)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-41'>royce</a>,
    13:17:02)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html#l-51'>alinefm</a>, 13:19:01)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 14:03:10 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-07-30-13.07.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (78)</li>
  <li>YuXin (40)</li>
  <li>wenwang (12)</li>
  <li>shaohef (8)</li>
  <li>royce (7)</li>
  <li>baude (4)</li>
  <li>pvital (3)</li>
  <li>vianac (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
