<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:04 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:18)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-10'>alinefm</a>, 13:03:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-11'>alinefm</a>,
    13:03:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">YuXin Design UI of 'guest clone', 'serial
    console', 'new UI header'</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-12'>YuXin</a>,
    13:03:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm sent patches to use installed
    spice-html5 code when possible (opensuse13.1 and rhel7 don't have
    this package so Kimchi must be build with --with-spice-html5)</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">royce investigated about integrate LDAP with
    kimchi, sent an RFC to ML, now implementing authentication part,
    will send v1 before this Friday</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-14'>royce</a>,
    13:04:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alinefm is working on vm template
    refactor</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">worked on the cloning feature, reviewed patches
    on the mailing list</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-16'>vianac</a>,
    13:05:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">vianac worked on the cloning feature, reviewed
    patches on the mailing list</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-17'>vianac</a>,
    13:05:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rotru sent V5 of patches to fix help</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-19'>rotru</a>,
    13:05:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">wenwang sent patch of PCI passthough UI</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-21'>wenwang</a>,
    13:06:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">wenwang working on designing UI to allow user
    adds disks from different pools to a Template</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-22'>wenwang</a>,
    13:07:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">danielhb sent a patch that revamps the use of
    the console log</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-23'>danielhb</a>,
    13:07:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">wenwang working on redesigning "Edit Template"
    function</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-24'>wenwang</a>,
    13:08:04)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-28'>alinefm</a>, 13:09:39)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/cloud/library/cl-ldap-keystone/index.html">http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/cloud/library/cl-ldap-keystone/index.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-283'>royce</a>,
    14:19:55)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://www.howtoforge.com/linux_ldap_authentication">http://www.howtoforge.com/linux_ldap_authentication</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html#l-328'>YuXin</a>,
    14:33:53)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 15:01:10 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2014-10-15-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (188)</li>
  <li>royce (118)</li>
  <li>YuXin (73)</li>
  <li>vianac (16)</li>
  <li>baude (13)</li>
  <li>wenwang (11)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>danielhb (1)</li>
  <li>rotru (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
