===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:27 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:01:38)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:01:41)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:01:41)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:04:34)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:04:34)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia sent V3,V4 to fix vm name conflicts after
    snapshots are created  (lcorreia, 13:04:53)
  * [wok] lcorreia sent V2 for issues 100, 102, 105 - add IP address and
    timezone to user log  (lcorreia, 13:04:53)
  * [wok] lcorreia sent V1 for issue 100 - log failed user requests
    (lcorreia, 13:04:53)
  * [wok] lcorreia sent patch to decrease notification request interval
    time  (lcorreia, 13:04:53)
  * [wok] lcorreia is working to identify date mismatch issue in user
    log  (lcorreia, 13:04:53)
  * [wok] lcorreia is working on a design for changes in user log UI
    (lcorreia, 13:04:54)
  * [gingerbase] peterpennings is working on a bug fix of update
    packages UI  (peterpennings, 13:05:14)
  * [kimchi] ramonn sent v2 patch about "boot order". Waiting review
    (ramonn, 13:05:21)
  * [kimchi] socorro Mem hotplug bug was applied upstream  (alinefm,
    13:05:34)
  * [kimchi] socorro In looking at github issue#:  799 - Gallery/List
    view:  (alinefm, 13:05:35)
  * [kimchi] socorro Remember user selection when switching tabs for
    templates,  (alinefm, 13:05:35)
  * [kimchi] socorro the same problem exists in Guests tab - sent out a
    patch to ML  (alinefm, 13:05:35)
  * [kimchi] socorro for review for Guests tab; templates need further
    (alinefm, 13:05:35)
  * [kimhci] socorro investigation.  Sent out patch to ML for review for
    Netboot  (alinefm, 13:05:35)
  * [kimchi] socorro template - github issue#: 372  (alinefm, 13:05:36)
  * [kimchi] socorro Sent out patch to ML for review regarding an issue
    I came across  (alinefm, 13:05:40)
  * [kimchi] ramonn investigating why remote isos does not show globe
    icon  (ramonn, 13:05:41)
  * [kimchi] socorro while working on Guests tab --- when Guests tab is
    loading, there  (alinefm, 13:05:42)
  * [kimchi] socorro was no 'loading' icon.  Currently investigating
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/issues/133  (alinefm,
    13:05:44)
  * [ginger] samhenri is working on Sensor Monitor UI  (peterpennings,
    13:05:45)
  * [*] reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb, 13:08:04)
  * [ginger]  danielhb fixed issues on services and sanadapters backend
    (danielhb, 13:08:22)
  * [kimchi]  danielhb is ATM working in the virt viewer launcher
    feature, fixing bugs along the way  (danielhb, 13:08:45)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:09:40)
  * [Kimchi] pvital helped users with Ubuntu 16.04 issues - issues #951,
    #952  (pvital, 13:09:41)
  * [Wok] pvital was working on issue #122 - Make AsyncTask stoppable.
    (pvital, 13:09:41)
  * [Wok] pvital was working on use NGINX from system instead of run a
    new server.  (pvital, 13:09:41)
  * [Wok] pvital is investigating some performance issues in wokd (high
    CPU consumption when idle)  (pvital, 13:09:41)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted patch to issue #959 - Handle URLError
    exception when creating Template.  (pvital, 13:09:42)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:13:47)



Meeting ended at 13:26:16 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (36)
* pvital (15)
* lcorreia (6)
* danielhb (3)
* ramonn (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* peterpennings (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4