<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:11:19 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:11:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:11:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:11:28)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>, 13:12:14)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:12:15)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn sent last pactches about disk
    performance options</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-15'>ramonn</a>,
    13:12:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn will see reviews and
    apply</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-16'>ramonn</a>,
    13:12:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] alinefm got the sibedar patches
    accepted upstream</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:13:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] lcorreia got upstream patches for
    running tests without root permission</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-18'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:13:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia working on running tests
    without root permission</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-19'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:13:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open
    Power HostOS branches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-20'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:13:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] bianca is working on issue #138:
    Update selected packages only prevent user to switch tabs.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-21'>bianca</a>,
    13:13:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] alinefm was about to move Updates tab
    to Ginger but a discussion started around move the whole Ginger Base
    features to Ginger. To be able to do that, Ginger Base needs to stop
    being a Kimchi dependency and it is what alinefm is working
    now</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-22'>alinefm</a>,
    13:14:17)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-24'>alinefm</a>, 13:18:55)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Code freeze for next release (2.4) will be on
    this Friday</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-25'>alinefm</a>,
    13:19:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">All the patches need to be upstream on time for
    this, otherwise it will not be part of this release</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-26'>alinefm</a>,
    13:19:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[WoK] danielhb sent the v2 of the asynchronous
    notification feature</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-33'>danielhb</a>,
    13:20:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] danielhb is going to send a RFC about
    the Host console</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html#l-34'>danielhb</a>,
    13:21:11)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:23:49 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2017-03-08-13.11.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (23)</li>
  <li>ramonn (4)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (4)</li>
  <li>danielhb (4)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>bianca (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
