===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 12:01:06 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-11-09-12.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 12:01:14)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 12:01:14)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 12:01:14)
* Status  (alinefm, 12:02:53)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 12:02:53)
  * [Kimchi] danielhb sent patches to implement CPU hot plug/unplug
    (danielhb, 12:03:28)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia working on packaging for Debian/Ubuntu
    (lcorreia, 12:03:51)
  * [wok/kimchi/ginger*] lcorreia maintaining Open Power HostOS branches
    (lcorreia, 12:03:52)
  * [wok] alinefm is working on issue #175 to do not generate nginx conf
    file on the fly and make adjustments on plugins accordingly
    (alinefm, 12:03:53)
  * [Ginger] bianca is working on issue #410: UI is not updated after
    brigging an interface down/up.  (bianca, 12:03:58)
  * [Ginger] bianca is working on issue #396: Network Configuration -
    Add/Delete BOND interface errors.  (bianca, 12:03:58)
  * [Ginger] bianca sent a patch for issue #452: Cannot enable/disable
    network interfaces.  (bianca, 12:03:58)
  * [Ginger] bianca sent a patch for issue #397: Network Configuration -
    Bring VLAN interface up.  (bianca, 12:03:58)
  * [Gingerbase] bianca sent a patch for issue #137: "Update All" button
    should be disabled when the update successfully finished.  (bianca,
    12:03:58)
  * [Kimchi] danielhb is now working in UI improvements in the CPU
    configuration of guests and templates  (danielhb, 12:03:58)
  * [Gingerbase] bianca sent a patch for issue #148: Page is not
    refreshing after update all packages in the list.  (bianca,
    12:03:59)
  * [kimchi] alinefm started investigation about reattaching PCI devices
    to host when detaching them from guest  (alinefm, 12:04:49)
  * [ginger] ramonn sent patch to fix kernel modules listing  (ramonn,
    12:06:57)
  * [wok] ramonn sent patch to fix locale and language default set
    (ramonn, 12:07:17)
  * [kimchi] ramonn investigating problems when creating network
    interfaces with DHCP at networks without dynamic ip  (ramonn,
    12:07:55)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 12:09:47)



Meeting ended at 12:13:30 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (20)
* bianca (7)
* danielhb (6)
* ramonn (5)
* lcorreia (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4