===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:14 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-03-16-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:01:23)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:01:23)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:01:23)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:12)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:13)
  * alinefm is working on bug fixes  (alinefm, 13:03:18)
  * alinefm created next branch for wok and kimchi  (alinefm, 13:03:27)
  * [wok] lcorreia lucio is working on backend and UI for Asynchronous
    Notifications feature  (lcorreia, 13:04:29)
  * [wok] will work on adding translation to User Request Log messages
    (lcorreia, 13:04:30)
  * [gingerbase] lcorreia fixed Gingerbase issue #48 - Do not accept
    empty name on debug report update  (lcorreia, 13:04:30)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia will use Asynchronous Notifications to handle
    libvirt event ENOSPC  (lcorreia, 13:04:30)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia will work on Kimchi issue #812  (lcorreia,
    13:04:30)
  * [kimchi] peterpennings estimating new tasks, currently on "VEPA".
    (lbianc, 13:05:29)
  * [Ginger*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches.  (danielhb,
    13:05:29)
  * [Ginger] danielhb sent 2 patch sets that were applied to the 'next'
    branch. They are related to a new way of supporting SR-IOV.
    (danielhb, 13:05:31)
  * [kimchi] samhenri working on bug fix: "Save button is having wrong
    behavior when edit a running Guest", "PCI filter does not seem to
    work" and "Frontend doesn't update the PCI tab after a PCI
    attachment"  (lbianc, 13:05:32)
  * [Ginger] danielhb will send a RFC for a new backend to support
    management of system services  (danielhb, 13:05:55)
  * [kimchi] ziviani is applying changes from last code review for web
    seria console  (ziviani, 13:06:41)
  * [Gingerbase] pvital is working in a V4 patch-set related to backend
    part of issue #9 - Update selected packages  (pvital, 13:08:13)
  * [kimchi] pvital is working on a solution to issue #817 - Add Events
    support to PCI attach/deattach  (pvital, 13:08:13)
  * [kimchi] pvital created the issue #862 and it's working on it -
    Incomplete (wrong) information displayed for existing template when
    adding new Guest  (pvital, 13:08:13)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:08:13)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:12:26)



Meeting ended at 13:23:12 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (20)
* lcorreia (7)
* pvital (6)
* danielhb (4)
* lbianc (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* ziviani (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4