===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:03:42 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-04-22-13.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:03:53)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:05:50)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:05:51)
  * alinefm sent patches related to host tests  (alinefm, 13:06:12)
  * ziviani sent patch to address the issue:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/619  (ziviani,
    13:06:19)
  * royce sent rebased version of storage volume upload, reviewed some
    patches on ML. Now is trying the puppet setup  (royce, 13:07:21)
  * ramonn sent patch for issue 596, discussed issue 450 with vianac and
    tested some security issues on kimchi (login)  (ramon, 13:07:38)
  * alinefm continue working on make template defaults configurable
    (alinefm, 13:07:58)
  * rotru Sent a couple of patches related to templates backend and
    frontend, to enable disk image format selection  (rotru, 13:09:01)
  * vianac fixed issue #548 (NIC hotplug); sent patch which prevents
    ref_cnt from blocking the user to create storage volumes; sent
    patchset to allow create snapshots of running VMs; reviewed patches
    on the mailing list  (vianac, 13:10:30)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:19:25)



Meeting ended at 13:25:20 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (28)
* baude (8)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* ziviani (2)
* royce (2)
* vianac (1)
* ramon (1)
* danielhb (1)
* rotru (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4