===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:13 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-01-27-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:04:30)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:04:30)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:04:30)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:05:43)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    **<project>** <status>  (alinefm, 13:05:45)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info
    [<project>] <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:06:12)
  * ramonn understanding "patches" tool for [kimchi]  (ramonn, 13:06:15)
  * [kimchi]  ramonn understanding "patches" tool  (ramonn, 13:06:31)
  * danielhb [kimchi] [wok] reviewed patches  (danielhb, 13:07:10)
  * [s390x] [ginger] [gingerbase] reviewed and applied patches upstream,
    fixed a couple of Ginger bugs  (danielhb, 13:07:31)
  * samhenri [kimchi] sent live migration v6 to ML last week  (samhenri,
    13:07:33)
  * ziviani [kimchi] [wok] reviewed code  (ziviani, 13:07:34)
  * [wok] alinefm removed federation and create_iso_pool options from
    WOK and moved to Kimchi  (alinefm, 13:07:40)
  * [wok] lcorreia will work on user log functionality  (lcorreia,
    13:07:48)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia working on inclusion of option to specify max_vcpu
    and current_vcpu separately per guest/template in Kimchi backend
    (lcorreia, 13:07:48)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia will work to handle notifications for host ENOSPC
    from libvirt in kimchi backend  (lcorreia, 13:07:48)
  * [kimchi] [ginger] lcorreia reviewed patches  (lcorreia, 13:07:48)
  * ziviani [kimchi] is working on a new feature  (ziviani, 13:07:54)
  * [wok] alinefm sent patch to automatically load plugin sub_nodes to
    remove read-only information from the plugin configuration file
    (alinefm, 13:08:12)
  * rotru Coding "update maxmemory" backend  [kimchi]  (rotru, 13:08:17)
  * samhenri [ginger] Finished SR-IOV CSS/SCSS, main page and Details
    accordion, sent patch to Ginger ML  (samhenri, 13:08:29)
  * peterpennings [kimchi] working on add network bridges
    (peterpennings, 13:08:31)
  * [kimchi] alinefm sent patch to add federation and create_iso_pool
    options to Kimchi configuration file and updated it according to wok
    changes  (alinefm, 13:08:41)
  * [Wok] pvital submitted the patch: [Wok] Set returncode when
    run_command logging its output  (pvital, 13:08:48)
  * [Wok] pvital tested Wok build and make check on Travis CI  (pvital,
    13:08:48)
  * [Wok] pvital is testing Wok on Docker  (pvital, 13:08:48)
  * [Kimchi] pvital started to investigate solution to Kimchi inssue
    #817  (pvital, 13:08:48)
  * [Ginger] pvital submitted the patch: [Ginger] Change Firmware Update
    command from PUT to POST  (pvital, 13:08:49)
  * [Ginger] pvital submitted the patch: [Ginger] Update test_firmware.
    (pvital, 13:08:50)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger] [GingerBase] pvital reviewed patches
    (pvital, 13:08:52)
  * samhenri [kimchi] creating max memory UI prototype  (samhenri,
    13:09:11)
  * [ginger] alinefm updated configuration file according to wok changes
    (alinefm, 13:09:28)
  * [gingerbase] alinefm updated configuration file according to wok
    changes and also removed federation references from the code
    (alinefm, 13:09:40)
  * [gingers390x] alinefm updated configuration file according to wok
    changes  (alinefm, 13:09:47)
  * [ginger] alinefm is now working to add sub_nodes to ginger and then
    remove extra information from config file  (alinefm, 13:11:55)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:13:44)



Meeting ended at 13:17:13 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (28)
* pvital (11)
* lcorreia (4)
* samhenri (4)
* ramonn (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* danielhb (2)
* ziviani (2)
* peterpennings (1)
* rotru (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4