===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:49 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-05-06-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:03)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:03:02)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
    <status>  (alinefm, 13:03:02)
  * alinefm sent patch to do not resolve hostname to IP for remote ISOs
    (alinefm, 13:03:20)
  * alinefm worked with christy to the the UI done for the VM async
    creation task  (alinefm, 13:03:20)
  * alinefm sent V2 patch to make Template defaults configuration -
    waiting for review  (alinefm, 13:03:20)
  * ziviani is working on a new feature to show (and edit) the mac
    address of guest network interfaces  (ziviani, 13:03:33)
  * vianac working on a new version of the patchset which replaces
    ref_cnt with used_by; working on issue #78; reviewed patches on the
    mailing list  (vianac, 13:04:15)
  * ramonn reading reviews to resend patches. Sent patch v2 for
    metadata, now working on unicode issues (i'm seeing other issues
    that the patch is creating)  (ramonn, 13:06:21)
  * ramonn specially the unicode issue can take more time. Some tests
    are brokin  (ramonn, 13:06:57)
  * rotru I am working in hot memory plug  (rotru, 13:08:28)
  * rotru I am working in Memory hot plug  (rotru, 13:08:49)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:13:01)



Meeting ended at 13:16:56 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (21)
* ramonn (4)
* rotru (4)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* lucio (1)
* vianac (1)
* danielhb (1)
* ziviani (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4