===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:00:06 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-06-22-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:00:21)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:00:21)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:00:21)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:01:05)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:01:05)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:01:12)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted V1 and V2 patch "Handle URLError exception
    when creating Template."  (pvital, 13:01:12)
  * [Kimchi] pvital helped user with Debian issues: #960, #961  (pvital,
    13:01:12)
  * [Kimchi] pvital helped user with Arch Linux issues: #963, #964
    (pvital, 13:01:12)
  * [Kimchi] pvital opened and is working in issue #965 - Fedora 24 iso
    image not recognized by IsoImage.  (pvital, 13:01:12)
  * [Wok] pvital is still investigating some performance issues in wokd
    (high CPU consumption when idle)  (pvital, 13:01:12)
  * [Kimchi] peterpennings is working on Disable ISOs with wrong
    permissions  (peterpennings, 13:01:48)
  * [kimchi] socorro Sent out v2 patch to ML for review for Netboot
    (alinefm, 13:01:50)
  * [kimchi] socorro template - github issue#: 372; awaiting review
    (alinefm, 13:01:50)
  * [kimchi] socorro Guests tab loading icon & save view applied
    upstream  (alinefm, 13:01:50)
  * [kimchi] socorro Sent out patch to ML for review for SR-IOV
    (alinefm, 13:01:50)
  * [kimchi] socorro Review/test patches  (alinefm, 13:01:50)
  * [kimchi] socorro Help investigating bugs  (alinefm, 13:01:50)
  * [*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb, 13:02:46)
  * [ginger] danielhb worked in SR-IOV improvements  (danielhb,
    13:03:01)
  * [kimchi] danielhb is now working in Kimchi bugs  (danielhb,
    13:03:14)
  * [kimchi] rotru changed number of maximum memory devices to 256;
    (rotru, 13:04:05)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream fix for issues 100, 102, 105 - add IP
    address and timezone to user log  (lcorreia, 13:04:41)
  * [wok] lcorreia got approved fix for issue 100 - log failed user
    requests - feature to be upstream after 2.2 release  (lcorreia,
    13:04:42)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream patch to decrease notification request
    interval time  (lcorreia, 13:04:42)
  * [wok] lcorreia proposed design for changes in user log UI
    (lcorreia, 13:04:42)
  * [wok] lcorreia got upstream fix for disabling TLS 1.0 support and
    add ssl timeout  (lcorreia, 13:04:42)
  * [ginger] lcorreia got upstream fix for restricting qxl driver for
    x86 only  (lcorreia, 13:04:43)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia got upstream fix for vm name conflicts after
    snapshots are created  (lcorreia, 13:04:45)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia investigated issue in template creation from qcow2
    file  (lcorreia, 13:04:46)
  * [ginger] samhenri sent patch to "Issue #360: Refreshing volume
    groups keeps on loading", applied to master  (samhenri, 13:04:52)
  * [ginger] samhenri sent v2 patch to "Issue #320: Redesign 'Sensor
    Monitor' UI"  (samhenri, 13:05:15)
  * [wok] rotru fixed problems in notification messages, creating a
    notification-container, to show the message in any tab/screen
    'on-the-fly' and allowing that the message be displayed again, if
    the problem persists in server. Thank you samhenri  ofr the help.
    (rotru, 13:06:00)
  * [wok] samhenri fixed "Issue #79: All error messages should keep on
    UI until user dismiss it", about to send patch to mailing list
    (samhenri, 13:06:24)
  * [wok] rotru coding V3 of Plugins Manager feature, after alinefm's
    review and design discussions. Thank you alinefm .  (rotru,
    13:07:37)
  * [kimchi] samhenri currently working on "Issue #948: Kimchi not
    throwing errors when migration is performed and gives impression of
    migration doesn't work"  (samhenri, 13:07:38)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:09:40)



Meeting ended at 13:14:55 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (25)
* lcorreia (10)
* pvital (9)
* rotru (5)
* samhenri (4)
* danielhb (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* peterpennings (1)
* lagarcia (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4