<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:27 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:41)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-11'>alinefm</a>, 13:04:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia sent V3,V4 to fix vm name
    conflicts after snapshots are created</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-13'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia sent V2 for issues 100, 102, 105
    - add IP address and timezone to user log</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-14'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia sent V1 for issue 100 - log
    failed user requests</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-15'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia sent patch to decrease
    notification request interval time</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-16'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia is working to identify date
    mismatch issue in user log</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-17'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia is working on a design for
    changes in user log UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-18'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:04:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[gingerbase] peterpennings is working on a bug
    fix of update packages UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-19'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:05:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn sent v2 patch about "boot
    order". Waiting review</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-20'>ramonn</a>,
    13:05:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Mem hotplug bug was applied
    upstream</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-21'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro In looking at github issue#:
    799 - Gallery/List view:</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-22'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Remember user selection when
    switching tabs for templates,</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-23'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro the same problem exists in
    Guests tab - sent out a patch to ML</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-24'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro for review for Guests tab;
    templates need further</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-25'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimhci] socorro investigation.  Sent out patch
    to ML for review for Netboot</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-26'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro template - github issue#:
    372</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-27'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Sent out patch to ML for
    review regarding an issue I came across</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-28'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn investigating why remote isos
    does not show globe icon</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-29'>ramonn</a>,
    13:05:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro while working on Guests tab
    --- when Guests tab is loading, there</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-30'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro was no 'loading' icon.
    Currently investigating
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/issues/133</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-31'>alinefm</a>,
    13:05:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger] samhenri is working on Sensor Monitor
    UI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-32'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:05:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] reviewed and applied patches</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-33'>danielhb</a>,
    13:08:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ginger]  danielhb fixed issues on services and
    sanadapters backend</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-34'>danielhb</a>,
    13:08:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi]  danielhb is ATM working in the virt
    viewer launcher feature, fixing bugs along the way</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-35'>danielhb</a>,
    13:08:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-36'>pvital</a>,
    13:09:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital helped users with Ubuntu 16.04
    issues - issues #951, #952</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-37'>pvital</a>,
    13:09:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital was working on issue #122 - Make
    AsyncTask stoppable.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-38'>pvital</a>,
    13:09:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital was working on use NGINX from
    system instead of run a new server.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-39'>pvital</a>,
    13:09:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is investigating some performance
    issues in wokd (high CPU consumption when idle)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-40'>pvital</a>,
    13:09:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital submitted patch to issue #959 -
    Handle URLError exception when creating Template.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-41'>pvital</a>,
    13:09:42)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html#l-44'>alinefm</a>, 13:13:47)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:26:16 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-06-15-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (36)</li>
  <li>pvital (15)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (6)</li>
  <li>danielhb (3)</li>
  <li>ramonn (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
