===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:47 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-08-24-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:02:56)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:02:56)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:02:56)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:05:22)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:05:22)
  * [*] danielhb reviewed and applied patches  (danielhb, 13:05:27)
  * [Ginger] danielhb is working in user removal enhancements
    (danielhb, 13:05:31)
  * [*] lcorreia sent RFC and V1 patches/working on V2 patches for Wok
    issue #141  (lcorreia, 13:05:44)
  * [wok] lcorreia working to fix plugin uri lookup for user log
    (lcorreia, 13:05:45)
  * [kimchi] ramonn working on "integrety: storage pool
    deactivate/undefine needs to consider vm usage #355"  (ramonn,
    13:05:51)
  * [Kimchi] bianca submitted a patch to issue #860 - Support Guest
    Autostart.  (bianca, 13:05:56)
  * [Kimchi] bianca is working on issue #626 - Snapshot revert does not
    release storage volume. Investigating the problem and possible
    solutions.  (bianca, 13:05:56)
  * [Ginger] peterpennings is working on file systems redesign
    (peterpennings, 13:06:02)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:06:10)
  * [Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital worked with oVirt team to use their
    infra-structure to automatically build packages and images of our
    projects (in hold).  (pvital, 13:06:10)
  * [Wok] pvital is working in issue #122 - Make AsyncTask stoppable
    (pvital, 13:06:10)
  * [Wok] pvital is working in issue #158 - Move AsyncTask information
    to memory  (pvital, 13:06:10)
  * [Kimchi] pvital helped user with issue #980 - cannot save permission
    setting for VM  (pvital, 13:06:10)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted patch to issue #982 - make check failing
    on fedora 24.  (pvital, 13:06:12)
  * [Kimchi] pvital helped user with issue #983 - creating a snapsht
    w/wok-kimchi  (pvital, 13:06:14)
  * [Kimchi] pvital helped user with issue #988 - Not able to load
    kimchi plugin  (pvital, 13:06:16)
  * [Ginger] pvital submitted patch to update documentation with new
    required packages - part of solution to issue #386  (pvital,
    13:06:18)
  * [Wok] samhenri fixing some minor bugs with Wok and Datatables
    SCSS/CSS in order to send patch for Redesigned Network Panels
    (Ginger)  (samhenri, 13:06:33)
  * [Ginger] jkatta Working on backend code implementation for Audit and
    Auditdispatcher, soon will be sending pacthes for the same  (jkatta,
    13:06:55)
  * [Ginger] samhenri polishing some minor issues with the redesigned
    network panel and removing legacy code  (samhenri, 13:06:56)
  * , chandra working on supporting Kimchi on s390x platform  (chandra,
    13:09:10)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:10:48)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/wok/blob/master/docs/troubleshooting.md#selinux
    (alinefm, 13:25:29)
  * Just a reminder that 2.3 code freeze phase starts next week which
    means only bug fixes will be accepted on master branch until the 2.3
    announcement. New features will be merged into next branch as usual
    and merged into master when the announcement is made.  (alinefm,
    13:36:37)
  * [*] socorro More housekeeping done w/PCI bugzilla bugs and github
    issues  (alinefm, 13:43:01)
  * [Kimchi] socorro v2 of patch sent out to ML for issue# 973; awaiting
    review  (alinefm, 13:43:02)
  * [Kimchi] socorro Had some concerns about cpu hotplug fix that was
    applied  (alinefm, 13:43:02)
  * [Kimchi] socorro recently; worked w/Ziviani and came to a resolution
    (alinefm, 13:43:02)
  * [Kimchi] socorro Looking into github issue# 979  (alinefm, 13:43:02)



Meeting ended at 13:43:10 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* chandra (109)
* alinefm (43)
* pvital (11)
* samhenri (5)
* danielhb (4)
* lcorreia (3)
* archana (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* bianca (2)
* ramonn (1)
* peterpennings (1)
* jkatta (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4