<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:37 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:01:46)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-12'>alinefm</a>, 13:02:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ziviani is working on issues #919 and
    #920</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-14'>ziviani</a>,
    13:03:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] peterpennings is working on List View
    for Storage Volumes</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-15'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:03:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] samhenri working on OVS UI and modal
    windows</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-16'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:04:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Gingerbase] samhenri started working on Debug
    Reports multiselect and mobile support</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-17'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:04:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital is working on a solution to
    issue #817 - Add Events support to PCI attach/deattach</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-18'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] pvital tested and did not found any
    problem regarding issue #845- Kimchi don't start on Centos
    7.2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-19'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-20'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia got WokMessage feature
    upstream</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-21'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia got Asynchronous Notifications
    backend upstream</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-22'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia sent V1, V2 for Asynchronous
    Notifications frontend</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-23'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia will use WokMessage to add
    translation to User Request Log messages</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-24'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia is working on "edit network"
    feature</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-25'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia will use Asynchronous
    Notifications and Libvirt Events to handle libvirt event
    ENOSPC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-26'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia will work on Kimchi issue
    #812</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-27'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:06:42)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html#l-30'>alinefm</a>, 13:11:29)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:14:15 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-04-06-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (15)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (9)</li>
  <li>pvital (3)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (3)</li>
  <li>ziviani (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
