<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#kimchi Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#kimchi Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:01 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-6'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">1) Status</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-7'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2) Open discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-8'>alinefm</a>,
    13:02:14)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-13'>alinefm</a>, 13:04:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Please provide your status using the #info
    command: #info [&lt;project] &lt;nickname&gt; &lt;status&gt;</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-14'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro v2 of Edit Virtual Network was
    applied upstream</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-15'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Addressed issues based on
    feedback for mem hotplug bug; Sent v2</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-16'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro to ML, addressed questions
    after that and awaiting response</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-17'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro to see whether or not there
    needs to be any more adjustments</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-18'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Included in the patch was a
    fix to github issue#  941.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-19'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Followed up on some
    bugzillas/todos/github issues.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-20'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Currently looking at github
    issue#:  799 - Gallery/List view:</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-21'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] socorro Remember user selection when
    switching tabs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-22'>alinefm</a>,
    13:04:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] peterpennings and samhenri are working in
    some bug fixes.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-23'>peterpennings</a>,
    13:05:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] lcorreia sent V2 to fix vm name
    conflicts after snapshots are created</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-24'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia sent V1 for issues 100, 102, 105
    - add IP address and timezone to user log</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-25'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] lcorreia working on issue 100 - log
    failed user requests</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-26'>lcorreia</a>,
    13:05:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[*] danielhb reviewed and applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-27'>danielhb</a>,
    13:05:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] [Kimchi] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-28'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital sent RFC to issue #122 - Make
    AsyncTask stoppable (no feedback until now)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-29'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[ Kimchi] pvital submitted patch Clean
    FEATURETEST_VM effectively.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-30'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is working on use NGINX from
    system instead of run a new server.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-31'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] pvital is investigating some performance
    issues in wokd (high CPU consumption when idle)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-32'>pvital</a>,
    13:05:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Ginger] danielhb fixed a RPM issue
    yesterday</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-33'>danielhb</a>,
    13:06:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi]  danielhb fixed an UI problem in the
    Storage Pool select in the Edit Template window</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-34'>danielhb</a>,
    13:06:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok][kimchi] alinefm reviewed and applied
    patches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-35'>alinefm</a>,
    13:06:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Kimchi] danielhb is now investigating feature
    https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/944</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-36'>danielhb</a>,
    13:06:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] rotru sent V2 of Plugins Manager</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-37'>rotru</a>,
    13:09:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[Wok] rotru fixed Sample plugin</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-38'>rotru</a>,
    13:10:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] [kimchi] [gingerbase] send patch to fix
    functions with default values</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-39'>ramonn</a>,
    13:10:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] [kimchi] [gingerbase] ramonn send patch
    to fix functions with default values</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-40'>ramonn</a>,
    13:10:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[wok] ramonn add message at login page when
    server is not responding</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-41'>ramonn</a>,
    13:10:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] ramonn send patch "make kimchi able to
    change bootorder". Need to send v2 after rotru review</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-42'>ramonn</a>,
    13:11:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">[kimchi] [ginger] [gingerbase] minor changes in
    plugin configuration file</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-44'>rotru</a>,
    13:12:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html#l-47'>alinefm</a>, 13:15:45)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:38:16 UTC
(<a href="kimchi.scrum.2016-06-08-13.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>alinefm (44)</li>
  <li>rotru (21)</li>
  <li>danielhb (15)</li>
  <li>pvital (9)</li>
  <li>lcorreia (7)</li>
  <li>ramonn (6)</li>
  <li>peterpennings (3)</li>
  <li>kimchi-bot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
