===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:01:40 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2015-04-15-13.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda 1) Status 2) Open discussion  (alinefm_, 13:06:35)
* Please provide your status using the #info command: #info <nickname>
  <status>  (alinefm_, 13:07:05)
* ziviani is working on the issue
  https://github.com/kimchi-project/kimchi/issues/619  (ziviani,
  13:07:49)
* alinefm sent patches to refactor server and objectore tests
  (alinefm_, 13:08:17)
* royce sent patch of creating logic pool based on existed vg, and fixed
  a bug related to run_command file handler leak, rebasing upload
  storage volume this week,addressing testcase issues  (royce, 13:08:24)
* alinefm sent patch to disable RC4 to prevent Bar Mitzvah attacks
  (alinefm_, 13:08:37)
* alinefm still working on make template defaults configurable
  (alinefm_, 13:08:54)
* vianac sent patch for issue #548; sent patches fixing other issues
  regarding network interfaces; reviewed patches on the mailing list.
  (alinefm_, 13:09:07)
* ramonn sent patch for issue 496, discovered that kimchi can handle
  cd/dvd installation, so can close another bug. Will work on issue #450
  (ramonn, 13:12:23)
* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:15:43)



Meeting ended at 13:21:28 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (17)
* alinefm_ (10)
* ziviani (4)
* royce (3)
* ramonn (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* kimchi-bot` (2)
* lagarcia (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4