===============
#kimchi Meeting
===============


Meeting started by alinefm at 13:02:55 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://kimchi-project.github.io/kimchi/meetings/kimchi.scrum.2016-05-04-13.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (alinefm, 13:03:07)
* 1) Status  (alinefm, 13:03:07)
* 2) Open discussion  (alinefm, 13:03:07)
* Status  (alinefm, 13:04:02)
  * Please provide your status using the #info command: #info [<project]
    <nickname> <status>  (alinefm, 13:04:02)
  * [Ginger] samhenri working on OVS bridges UI, about to send patch
    today  (samhenri, 13:04:13)
  * [ginger] ramonn merged patch that fixes systemd checking on
    ginger.spec  (ramonn, 13:04:37)
  * [wok] alinefm is working on  make session timeout configurable
    (alinefm, 13:04:46)
  * [Kimchi] samhenri sent "Disable invalid templates" v3  (samhenri,
    13:04:47)
  * kimchi ziviani is working on bugs and working on fixing issues on
    template using image - backing image  (ziviani, 13:04:57)
  * [Kimchi] pvital is working on issue #201 - Kimchi should handle
    libvirt connection failures.  (pvital, 13:04:59)
  * [Kimchi] pvital submitted V6 patch-set to solve issue#372 - Add
    support to netboot installation.  (pvital, 13:04:59)
  * [Gingerbase] pvital submitted patch "Update apt-get command to
    upgrade specific package"  (pvital, 13:04:59)
  * [Kimchi] [Wok] [Ginger*] pvital reviewed patches  (pvital, 13:04:59)
  * [wok] alinefm identified some issues with session timeout and will
    also fix them  (alinefm, 13:05:05)
  * [ginger] ramonn sent a RFC to discuss sensors fix (we got trouble
    with units returned by REST API)  (ramonn, 13:05:09)
  * [kimchi] socorro Attempted to make adjustments on create template UI
    but went back  (alinefm, 13:05:36)
  * [kimchi] socorro to focusing on Edit Virtual Network  (alinefm,
    13:05:36)
  * [kimchi] socorro Spent quite a bit of time to try to get an
    environment set up in  (alinefm, 13:05:36)
  * [kimchi] socorro order to debug/test edit virtual networks. Making
    some progress  (alinefm, 13:05:36)
  * [kimchi] socorro but not having a good environment is causing some
    delay  (alinefm, 13:05:36)
  * [kimchi] socorro Updated bugs and ensuring it is properly assigned
    (alinefm, 13:05:37)
  * [ginger] lcorreia sent V1 and working on V2 to make fibre channel
    listing arch-independent  (lcorreia, 13:05:43)
  * [wok] lcorreia is working on storing notifications in memory instead
    of objectstore  (lcorreia, 13:05:43)
  * [kimchi] lcorreia is working on handling libvirt event ENOSPC
    (lcorreia, 13:05:43)
  * [ginger*] [kimchi] danielhb reviewed/applied patches  (danielhb,
    13:06:06)
  * [ginger] danielhb finished the backend for SR-IOV feature for
    ConnectX-4 cards  (danielhb, 13:06:27)
  * [gingerbase] danielhb created a net netinfo.py in gingerbase that
    aggregates both Ginger and Kimchi netinfo modules  (danielhb,
    13:06:58)
  * [kimchi] danielhb fixed an UI bug in VEPA  creation  (danielhb,
    13:07:11)
  * [Kimchi] rotru Sent patch to fix error logging in objectstore
    upgrade functions during Kimchi initialization;  (rotru, 13:07:11)
  * [Kimchi] rotru Sent patch to 'move log' to 'data/logs';  (rotru,
    13:07:12)
  * [Ginger] rotru Sent patch to fix PEP8 errors;  (rotru, 13:07:12)
  * [Wok] rotru Sent patch to sort user request log output, avoiding
    issues with data from backup log files;  (rotru, 13:07:12)
  * [Wok] rotru Is working in Plugins Manager task (list/enable/disable)
    (rotru, 13:07:52)

* Open Discussion  (alinefm, 13:12:02)



Meeting ended at 13:57:18 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* alinefm (73)
* rotru (40)
* ramonn (24)
* danielhb (19)
* lcorreia (10)
* lagarcia (9)
* pvital (8)
* samhenri (8)
* ziviani (3)
* kimchi-bot (3)
* peterpennings (1)
* transhuman_ (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4